% Act one.  At Springfield Elementary, Principal Skinner inspects his school.
% After touching the top of the locker in search of dust, he tests the 
% accuracy of the hall clock with his pocket watch (with Agnes' picture 
% inside), measures the distance from the wall to the garbage can with a
% ruler, and tests the bell with a tuning fork.  Meanwhile, Superintendant
% Chalmers sneaks by Skinner and goes into the Teachers' Lounge.

Good lord!  The rod up that man's butt must have a rod up it's butt.
-- Ouch, "The Principal and the Pauper"

    Edna: Oh, Superindendant Chalmers!  Can I offer you a cup of coffee-
          flavored beverine?
Chalmers: Yes, I take it grey, with creamium.  But first, before Skinner
          shows up, I have a secret announcement.  In honor of Seymour's
          twentieth year as principal, we've decided to hold a surprise
          tribute Friday night.
  Willie: It's my twentieth year, too!
Chalmers: The Teachers' Lounge is for teachers, Willie.
--  "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Willie spits on the ground as he walks out the door.  In Miss Hoover's
% class, she petitions her students for a volunteer to give an oral report
% on Principal Skinner's life at the tribute.

 Ralph: Miss Hoover, which one is oral?
Hoover: Out of your mouth, Ralph.  Volunteers?  Thank you, Lisa.
 Ralph: No, Miss Hoover, I'm Ralph!
Hoover: I only need one volunteer, Ralph.
 Ralph: Miss Hoover, which one is one?
  Lisa: Ralph and I could do the report together!
Hoover: Your funeral.
 Ralph: Miss Hoover?
-- Shaddup, Ralph, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% On the Simpsons' kitchen table, Bart hums a song as he sticks miniature
% American flags in little brown balls sitting on a baking sheet.

Marge: Bart?  Why are you doing that?
 Bart: Our class is making refreshments for Skinner's party.  These are in
       honor of his army days.
Marge: That explains the flags, but what about the dog food?
 Bart: My theory is: Skinner likes dog food!
Marge: Mmmm...Let's bake him a cake!
Homer: Ooh!  A fresh batch of America balls! [eats dog food balls]
-- Mmmmm... chunks of meat in a delicious jelly coating,  "The Principal and
the Pauper"

% Homer sits at a writing desk, projecting silhouettes of his head onto a
% sheet of paper on the wall.  His mother calls to him from upstairs.

  Agnes: Seymour!  Tell me what time it is!  Now!
Skinner: Seven o'clock Friday night, Mother!  Time for our weekly 
         silhouette!
  Agnes: No!  Cutting out your ugly nose gives me a hand cramp!
Skinner: Oh, but you love silhouette night!  And then we go through your
         bird book and make up silly captions... Mother, why are you all
         dressed up?
  Agnes: I'm sick of this house, and I'm sick of you!  Tonight we're going
         for a drive!
Skinner: What's so special about tonight?
  Agnes: Nothing!  Now put on your special suit and get in the car!
Skinner: Yes, Mother.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% The two pull up to the elementary school.  A sign outside reads "Tonight,
% Surprise Tribute to Seymour Skinner".

Skinner: Why are we stopping at my school, Mother?  What does it say on 
         that sign?
  Agnes: [smacks him] I don't like your tone!
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Seymour and Agnes enter the school auditorium, where the crowd gathered 
% cheers "Surprise!".

  Agnes: Happy anniversary, son.
Skinner: Oh, Mother.  You are still the master of deception.
  Agnes: I surely am.
-- Like mother, like son, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Lisa and Ralph give their presentation on Skinner's life on stage,
% underneath an immense picture of him, looking noble while an American flag
% flies in the background.

 Lisa: So, in 1966, a brave young man named Seymour Skinner enlisted and
       shipped out to Vietnam where he rose to become platoon sergeant.
       Ralph?
Ralph: Principal Skinner is an old man who lives at the school.  Lisa?
 Lisa: Sergeant Skinner was a hero.  He risked capture many times behind
       enemy lines.
Ralph: Teacher made me go to Principal Skinner's office when I was dirty.
 Lisa: And, he survived to make it back to Springfield, where he became the
       fine educator we salute tonight.
Ralph: When I grow up, I want to be a principal, or a caterpillar.  I love
       you, Principal Skinner!
-- A touching anniversary speech,  "The Principal and the Pauper"

% The crowd applauds the two.  A group of children sing a song about 
% Skinner, accompanied by piano music.

Kids: [singing] They call him Skinner, Skinner,
      Faster than lightning.
      No one you see,
      Is stricter than he...
-- Sounds familiar, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Outside, a man rides in a taxi, and passes the school.  He reads the
% sign outside. "Tribute to Seymour Skinner...  Pull over, driver."
% Back inside, Chalmers stands on stage.

Chalmers: Now I know the school normally serves cake only on Thursdays.
          And I'm also well aware that today is Friday.  Nevertheless, 
          I have a surprise for you.
-- [mumbles debating on what this surprise is] "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Bart rolls out a cake onto stage, drawing applause.  Skinner walks up
% and shakes Bart's hand, receiving a small jolt.

 Skinner: Ooh, what the... an enjoyment buzzer! [laughs] Oh, thank you.  
          What a wonderful night to share with the people and the town 
          that I love.  I have never been happier, or prouder, to be 
          Seymour Skinner.
     Man: You're not Seymour Skinner!
 Skinner: Skinner!
Chalmers: Skinner?
     Man: I'm Skinner!
   Agnes: Seymour?  Ohhh!
 Skinner: Mother!
     Man: She's my mother!
Chalmers: Will someone remove that crazy man, please?
 Skinner: No, no, he's...he's not crazy.  It's true, I'm...[sighs] I'm...
          an impostor.  That man is the real Seymour Skinner!
-- The end of the Seymour Skinner we know and love, "The Principal and the
Pauper"

% The townspeople all stare, wide-eyed in shock.  Homer, meanwhile, has
% other matters on his mind.

Keep looking shocked, and move slowly towards the cake.
-- Homer's brain upon learning Skinner's true identity, "The Principal and
the Pauper"

% End of act one.

% Act two.  In Principal Skinner's office, Agnes has fainted and sits in a
% chair.

Chalmers: Now let's clear this up.  Who exactly are you?
     Man: [salutes] Sergeant Seymour Skinner, U.S. Army.
 Skinner: It's true.  I was in his platoon.  They said you were killed on
          that scouting mission.
 Skinner: No, just captured.  It's kind of a funny story, really.  After
          five years in a secret P.O.W. camp, I was sold to China for slave
          labor.  And since '77 I've been making sneakers at gunpoint in
          a sweatshop in Boo-Haun.
   Marge: That's not a funny story.
 Skinner: Well, I guess you had to be there.
-- I guess, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% "Anyhow, the U.N. shut the factory down last week, and the embassy shipped
% me home.  And here I am," concludes Skinner. 

Chalmers: So what's your story, Seymour?  If that is your real name.
  Armin: Well, obviously, it isn't.  My real name is Armin Tanzarian.
         [The townspeople in the room gasp.  Bart chuckles loudly.]
-- Not as bad as Joey Joe Joe Junior, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% "I'm an orphan from Capital City, and those who recall my fight to
% outlaw teenage rudeness may be shocked to learn that I myself was 
% once a street punk."  In the past, Armin Tanzarian drives his motorcycle
% through Capital City, snatching a purse from an old woman and driving away.

Oh, yeah, the way I was headed it was just a matter of time before
I wound up in front of a judge. [Armin wipes out on a judge, who happens
to have been walking down the street]
-- Coincidence? "The Principal and the Pauper"

They gave me a choice.  Jail, the army, or apologizing to the judge and the
old lady.  Of course, if I had known there was a war going on, I probably
would've apologized.
-- Skinner, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% In the jungles of Vietnam, Armin's platoon fights out of a bunker.  Armin
% himself, however, is busy grooming his hair, until his comb is shot out of
% his hands.  He stands up while bullets whiz all around him. "OK, who wants
% a piece of me!" he says.
% However, his Sergeant, Seymour Skinner, tackles him to the ground again, 
% preventing him from taking a bullet.

Skinner: You trying to get yourself killed, Tanzarian?  You got your whole
         life ahead of you.  Don't you have any dreams?
 Armin: My dreams all involve combing my hair.
-- What passion-filled dreams they must be, "The Principal and the Pauper"

Skinner: Aw, gosh, son, everybody's got dreams.  I come from a town called
         Springfield.  And my dream is to go back and become principal of
         the elementary school.
  Armin: Some people might call that a pretty corny dream.. [beat] ..sergeant.
Skinner: Well, there's nothing corny about fresh-faced youngsters skipping
         to school, scraping knees and spelling bees and pies cooling 
         softly on the windowsill, heh.  Well sir, if that's corny, then
         corn me up.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

 Armin: [narrating] Sergeant Skinner took me under his wing, and showed 
        me that life is worth living.  I came to think of him as the big 
        brother I never had.  He made me believe I might have a future after 
        all.  And, when they told us he was missing, presumed dead, my 
        future died once again.  My life lost all meaning.
  Bart: Come on, get to the part where you steal his identity!
 Armin: I'm trying to explain how emotionally fragile I was.
  Bart: [loses enthusiasm] Oh, it's one of <those> stories.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% "Sergeant Skinner meant the world to me, and I...I felt it was my 
% duty to deliver the grim news to his mother."
% Armin Tanzarian knocks on the front door of the home of Agnes Skinner.
% She answers.

 Armin: [clears throat] Hello, I'm, uh...[sighs] I'm...
 Agnes: Seymour?  Is that you?
 Armin: [narrating] I don't know why I did what I did.  I guess I couldn't
        bear to tell her about her son.  What I did was wrong, but... I'd 
        do it again.
 Armin: Yes, Mother, it's me!
 Agnes: You look different somehow...but you must be Seymour.  Yes.
        You are Seymour!
 Armin: [narrating] As strange as it sounds, deep down I think she knew I 
        wasn't her son, but a lie made us both happier than the truth ever 
        could have.
 Agnes: You can have some lima beans as soon as you've cleaned your room.  
        Go!  [whispering] Upstairs.  Third door on the left. [shouting]
        Don't walk on the rugs!
 Armin: Yes... Mother.
-- Inconspicuousness is a virtue, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Back in the present, Armin finishes narrating his story.

   Armin: Don't judge her too harshly, Sergeant.  She was a lonely old 
          woman.  If you must blame someone, blame me.
 Skinner: That's pretty much what I was planning to do there, Armin.
-- ...Oh. "The Principal and the Pauper"

   Armin: Well, that's about it.  So for the past twenty-six years I've
          dedicated myself to living out your dream.
 Skinner: I didn't dream anything about an aqua suit or a lavender shirt,
          but you did take care of Mom.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

A dagger!  A dagger through my heart!
-- Agnes Skinner upon the shock of learning the truth about her son,
"The Principal and the Pauper"

   Armin: Oh, here, Mother, let me help you.
   Agnes: Get your hands off of me!
 Skinner: Please, Mom...
   Agnes: You too, stranger!
 Skinner: I'm your son!
   Agnes: [gravely ticked off] I have no son!
   Homer: Look, lady, obviously you have at least one son.
   Agnes: No!  I have one stranger and one fraud!
 Skinner: Take it easy, Mom!
   Agnes: I said back off!
   Armin: You'd better do as she says, she's quick with a hatpin.
-- Telling from experience, "The Principal and the Pauper"

   Armin: Uh, well, I suppose I'll have to find a hotel.
Chalmers: I won't hear of it.  Tonight, you can sleep on the floor of your
          office.
-- A true friend, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% The next day, Bart whistles as he opens the door to the principal's 
% office.  Armin climbs up off the floor and sits at his desk.

  Bart: Hey, Armin.  Mrs. Krabappel sent me.  I forged my Dad's signature 
        on my report card.
 Armin: Oh, now Bart, you know that's wrong.
  Bart: Well I don't see how me signing Homer's name is any different from 
        you using Sergeant Skinner's name.
 Armin: [sighs] I guess me punishing you seems somewhat hypocritical.  Why 
        don't you just write a thirty-word essay on what you've done.
  Bart: Hey, hey, hey!  Easy there, you big impostor.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% At the Kwik-E-Mart, Armin writes Apu a check.  Marge Simpson stands
% nearby.

Armin: So, uh, um, should I sign my original name?
  Apu: Just put an "X", then call yourself whatever the hell you want.
-- Strong words, "The Principal and the Pauper"

 Armin: Well, now there's no need for profanity.  My name may have changed,
        but I'm still the same man I was last week.
 Marge: Not to us you're not.  I mean, how would you feel if you suddenly
        found out Ned Flanders was an impostor.
 Armin: Who's Ned Flanders?
 Marge: My next door neighbor, religious guy?
 Armin: Oh, you mean Reverend Lovejoy.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% "No I don't!  What I mean is, to me, you're just a stranger, pretending
% to be something he's not.  Sorry, but that's just how I feel." Armin:
% "No, don't apologize.  It's time I stopped pretending."

% In front of a gathering of residents of the city of Springfield, Armin
% stands at a podium.  Superintendent Chalmers and Sergeant Skinner stand
% next to him.

I've called this assembly to announce my retirement effective as of the
end of this sentence... this sentence I'm speaking... right now... period!
[the crowd gasps]
-- Principal 'Armin Tanzarian' Skinner, "The Principal and the Pauper"

   Armin: I wrongfully usurped Sergeant Skinner's position, and I suggest
          you consider him to replace me.  Thank you.
Chalmers: Well, now, I don't know.  Skinner, do you know anything about
          being a principal?
 Skinner: Well, it's been my lifelong ambition.  And if a man pretending 
          to be me can do it, well, then, logically, the real me must be 
          far more qualified.
Chalmers: Good enough.  Armin Tanzarian's reign of terror is over.  Now
          let us welcome our new Principal Skinner...Principal Seymour
          Skinner!
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Everyone cheers, while backstage, Armin walks into the shadows.  Later,
% while standing at his mother's front door, he says good-bye his former 
% Sergeant, as well as his former life.

  Armin: Well, before I go, I've got some personal items for you.  You
         belong to the Radio Shack Battery Club.  Oh, oh, ten Canadian 
         dollars, that's a souvenir from your trip to upstate New York.
Skinner: You've led quite a life, Tanzarian.
  Armin: It's your life.  I've just kept it warm for you.  Oh, I nearly
         forgot.  Your pocket watch.  Mother's picture is still inside.
         Take good care of her.
Skinner: I'll wind her every day.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% The two salute each other, when Agnes emerges from the front door.

I poached some fish for your trip, Mr. Tanzarian.  They're full of tiny bones,
so I want you to be careful.
-- Agnes Skinner, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Armin hugs his mother and walks away, destination: Edna's apartment.  He
% knocks on the door.

Good evening, Edna.  I know we were planning to see a film tonight, but
instead I'm leaving town forever.
-- How about Thursday? "The Principal and the Pauper"

 Edna: No, please, I don't care what you've done.  You're still a decent,
       honorable man.
Armin: Mmm...that's the kind of talk that makes me want to marry you.
 Edna: [expecting him to pop the question] Oh!
Armin: But instead, I'm leaving town forever.  Goodbye.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% He walks away from Edna's apartment and to the "Store-U-Stuff".  At 
% Garage 24, Armin pulls a leather jacket out of an old box, marked with his 
% name. "Well, it's time to pick up where I left off.  As a no good street 
% punk!" Armin tosses away the cover to his motorcycle and starts it; he
% drives past Bart, Milhouse, and Martin.

  Bart: Principal Skinner?
Armin: Up yours, children!
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% End of act two.

% Act three.  Kent Brockman reports the evening news.

[laughs] Now to recap, our top story in its entirety.  The adaptable citizens
of Springfield.  Have opened their hearts to Principal Seymour Skinner, who...
[A picture of Armin Tanzarian goes up on the screen next to Kent.] Not that
one! [A picture of Sgt. Skinner appears on the screen, upside down.] Idiots!
-- Very unprofessional, Phil. Kent Brockman, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% On the TV, a crowd is shown, listening to Skinner speak.

Thank you, thank you.  I must say, in many ways, Springfield really beats the
old slave labor camp.
-- Sergeant Skinner's speech, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% They cheer.  At home, the Simpsons watch the report.

 Lisa: I admit Sergeant Skinner seems okay, but Mr. Tanzarian pulled 
       himself up from the streets and earned our respect and admiration.
 Bart: What about his name?
 Lisa: His name doesn't matter.  "A rose by any other name would smell as
       sweet."
 Bart: Not if you called them stench blossoms.
Homer: Or crapweeds.
Marge: I'd sure hate to get a dozen crapweeds for Valentine's Day.  I'd
       rather have candy.
Homer: Not if they were called scumdrops!
-- Or asschews, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% In Mrs. Krabappel's class, Chalmers, Edna, and Skinner stand at the front.

Chalmers: Your new principal would like to say a few words.  Remember, you
          have to respect him.  He's a war hero.
  Nelson: Ha, ha!
 Skinner: Thank you, Chalmers.  You know, where I come from, there's no
          better way to get acquainted by reciting the Pledge of Allegiance
          together. [to Bart] Why don't you lead us, son?
    Bart: Hey, America, you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my mind,
          America. [makes a farting noise, the kids laugh.]
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

Skinner: Well, that's very concise.  But it's an insult to everything I
         suffered for.  Now take a seat, junior, and listen to someone who
         gave their youth in service to their country.  Mrs. Krabappel,
         the pledge, please?
   Edna: You haven't dealt with women for a long time, have you, Sergeant?
Skinner: Are you asking me out?
-- A long time, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% In the streets of Capital City, Skinner walks among the dirty buildings
% and blaring police sirens. "Ah, 433rd street, my old neighborhood."
% Skinner pushes his bike in front of a building featuring "Topless Models".
% He sees a sign reading "Help Wanted", and gets a position advertising in 
% the street, wearing a sign reading "Nude! Nude! Nude!".  He reads his lines
% in typical (dull) Armin fashion.

Oh, yes.  Oh, yes.  Capital City's nakedest ladies.  They're not even wearing
a smile.  Nod suggestively.  Yes, six, count 'em, six gorgeous ladies just
dying...for your leers and cat calls.  Yowsa, yowsa.
-- Armin trying to promote 'Topless Nudes,' "The Principal and the Pauper"

% At the Skinner residence, Seymour comes in to find Agnes, angry and 
% waiting by the front door.

  Agnes: Oh, Seymour, it's 7:30.  Where were you?
Skinner: A bar, Mom.
  Agnes: I don't know what that is, but on Fridays, you come straight home
         after school!  Tonight is silhouette night.  Sit there!
Skinner: I really just came home to change into a turtleneck.
  Agnes: Seymour!  Sit!
Skinner: In the morning.  Oh, Mom?  I'm borrowing your car.
-- I have no son, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Seymour takes the keys and leaves; Agnes gives a hideous glare.  Later,
% she stews in anger in the grocery store check-out lane.

Marge: Good morning, Agnes.  Mmm...how's your new son working out?
Agnes: That child is the most disobedient, smart-alecky middle-aged
       man in creation!
 Edna: Hello, ladies.  Is this the line for people who want to bad-mouth
       Sergeant Skinner?
Marge: And have ten items or less.
 Edna: [discarding items] Twelve, eleven, ten, the man's a weenie!
Marge: Now be fair, Edna.  I liked Armin Tanzarian too, but he was at least
       as big a weenie as Sergeant Skinner.
 Edna: But he was <our> weenie!
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

Now there was a weenie you could be proud to call your son.
-- Agnes Skinner talking about her son-imposter, Armin Tanzarian, "The
Principal and the Pauper"

% "Did you ever tell him that?" Marge asks Agnes.
% Agnes thinks for a moment, staring forlornly away.  Some time later, she, 
% Edna, and Homer ride in the front seat of his car.

Homer: Okay, once more.  Where are we going?
 Edna: To Capital City.
Homer: And why are you and the old lady in the car?
Agnes: We're gonna talk Armin Tanzarian into coming back.
Homer: And why is Marge here?
Marge: I came up with the idea.
Homer: And why am I here?
Marge: Because the streets of Capital City are no place for three unescorted
       ladies.
Homer: Why are the kids here?
Marge: Because we couldn't find Grandpa to sit for them.
Homer: Why is Grandpa here?
  Abe: Because Jasper didn't want to come by himself!
Homer: Huh, fair enough.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

  Abe: [to Agnes] Hello, beautiful.
Agnes: In your dreams!
  Abe: We'll see about that! [falls asleep, mumbling] Hello, beautiful...
-- [shudder] "The Principal and the Pauper"

% In Armin's apartment, the ex-principal lies on his bed while his 
% visitors stand around him.

 Armin: My mind is made up!  I'm not coming back!  And that's final.
  Edna: Oh, Seymour.
 Armin: And I'm not Seymour.  My name is Armin.  This is Armin's apartment,
        Armin's liquor, Armin's copy of "Swank", Armin's frozen peas.
 Homer: Can I see your copy of "Swank", Armin?
 Armin: Yes, you can.  This is Armin's life, and maybe it's not perfect, but
        at least I'm back where I belong.  I was born a no-goodnik, and I'll
        die a no-goodnik.
 Agnes: Seymour!  I didn't bring you up to use language like that!
 Armin: Well, you didn't bring me up at all!
 Agnes: To hell I didn't!  I've been taking care of you for twenty-six 
        years!  I'm the only mother you've ever known!
 Armin: But you have your real son!
 Agnes: You are my real son!  You've been my son longer than he has, and he
        doesn't need me, and I don't need him!  Now you march yourself
        downstairs and get in that car!
 Armin: Yes, Mother.
 Agnes: And the rest of you, too!
   All: Yes, Mrs. Skinner.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% Arriving back in Springfield, Homer honks his horn, getting the town's
% attention, and lets everyone know the Skinner they know and love is back.
% The townspeople talk with each other, until Principal Skinner comes out
% of the elementary school to speak.

 Skinner: You all seem to be forgetting that I am Seymour Skinner!  This is
          where I belong!  You can't ask me to disappear just because you
          like some other guy better!  I gave half my life to you people!  
          Aren't I entitled to a little dignity?!
   Armin: You're, uh...you're right, Sergeant.
Chalmers: Well, I don't see any way out of this.
   Homer: Now if you'll allow me, I think I have a solution that'll satisfy
          the town, and let Sergeant Skinner keep his dignity.
          [Some time later, Sergeant Skinner sits in a chair, tied to a flat
          railcar. The train whistles and prepares to pull away.]
 Skinner: But I'm a hero!
   Homer: And we salute you for it.  Now don't come back!
-- No good at goodbyes! "The Principal and the Pauper"

I'm sorry, Seymour.  It's nice you're alive, but you're just not what I'm
looking for in a son.  I'm glad you understand.
-- Agnes Skinner, "The Principal and the Pauper"

% The crowd cheers as the train drives away, taking the real Seymour Skinner
% out of Springfield.

  Armin: Well, this is a lovely gesture, but we still have to face the fact
         that I'm not really Seymour Skinner.
  Homer: Oh, no we don't.  Judge Snyder?
  Judge: By authority of the City of Springfield, I hereby confer upon you 
         the name of Seymour Skinner, as well as his past, present, future,
         and Mother.
Skinner: Okay.
  Judge: And I further decree that everything will be just like it was 
         before all this happened!  And no one will ever mention it 
         again... under penalty of torture. [The townspeople cheer.]
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

  Agnes: Here, son.  This is yours again.
Skinner: I've never been happier, or prouder to be Seymour Skinner, but,
         these last few days as that hot-headed rouge Armin Tanzarian has
         taught me a thing or two.  Now, maybe I've been a little too 
         uptight in the past.  Well, from now on, you're gonna see a new 
         Seymour Skinner!
  Agnes: Oh, no we won't!
Skinner: Yes, Mother.
-- "The Principal and the Pauper"

% End of act three.


<|endoftext|>
