% The episode opens with a Fox censor looking through an episode script of
% The Simpsons, episode 5F02 (this episode).

No (crosses out line). No (crosses out line). Nnnno (crosses out line). Hahaha
hya hya, hah hah nnnnoo (crosses out line). Mmmmm, I think we can do without
the crack-pipe. (notices "you") Oh, hi! As the Fox censor it's my job to
protect <you>, from reality.
-- The Fox Censor, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

And thanks to my prudent editing, tonight's Simpsons Halloween special has
been rated TV-G! (TV-G rating appears in the top left of the screen) This
means there will be no raunchy NBC-style sex, or senseless CBS-style violence.
-- Fox's censor, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

So sit back and enjoy a night of worry free-- (as he is talking, a hand
holding a knife appears from the MPAA rating box, and stabs him in the back)
Ow! Aaaahh! What the fudge? (as the hand stabs, the MPAA rating changes from
TV-G, TV PG, TV 14, TV MA, TV 21, TV 666, each time a stab happens) Oh, for
Pete's sake!! Jiminy Christmas! Aaaaaahhhhh!! (he collapses on the table and
blood pours down the front, with spaces reading the episode's title) Darn it...
-- Fox's censor, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

[end opening sequence]

"The Homega Man"

% Our favorite family are sat in the TV room watching the latest news. Kent
% Brockman's report takes place.

Kent Brockman: And that's how an heroic hippo became a deputy.
        Homer: [annoyed] Stupid hippo.
Kent Brockman: This just in, tensions continue to mount between Springfield
               and France over Mayor Quimby's now famous frog's legs joke!
               The French president has threatened swift and massive
               retaliation if he doesn't recieve an immediate apology.
        Homer: [annoyed] Stupid frog.
-- Stupid everything, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Kent Brockman: We now go live to Springfield's city hall for Mayor Quimby's
               response.
 Mayor Quimby: I stand by my ethnic slur!  Do your worst, you filthy,
               pretencious savages!
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Marge: Homer, you know how unpredictable the French are. One minute they're
       kissing a woman's hand, the next, they're chopping off her head!
       What if they start a war?
Homer: Relax, I built a bomb shelter!
       (camera reveals an opening-faced-down cardboard box, complete with a
       sun umbrella and the words "USA #1" written scruffily on the side,
       stood in the back garden.)
-- Thank God for that! "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

 Lisa: That's not going to protect us from anything!
Homer: Fine, then don't use it.
 Lisa: I won't.
Homer: Good.
 Lisa: I know it's good.
Homer: So do I.
 Lisa: I'm happy for you.
Homer: You should be.
-- It runs in the family, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Later, Homer is checking out some bomb shelters situated behind Herman's
% military antiques store.

Herman: Now, this baby is called "the Withstandinator." It can take a six
        megaton blast. No more, no less.
 Homer: (excited) Oooh!
-- Mmmmm... precise... "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer checks out the inside. It's not very roomy, but there are enough
% material possessions to keep him entertained. At least for the duration
% of a bombing. Blankets, steak, a radio, and a Gary Larson calendar.

I don't get it. (turns page) I don't get it. (turns page) I don't get it.
(turns page) I don't get it. (turns page) I... don't get it.
-- Homer looking through a Gary Larson calendar, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Meanwhile in France, a group of suited goons are sat around a long table.

We will show the stupid Americans who le clutzy frog, eh?
(his associates laugh, their necks inflating as they do so like that of
frogs)
-- Stupid frog, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% He pushes a button. As a result, the Eiffel Tower splits in two in opposite
% directions, and a shuttle emerges from the ground, taking to the skies.
% It whizzes by Kudos and Kang's flying saucer. So close, in fact, that the
% Rigellions have to swerve away from it to avoid impact.

   Kudos: What the hell was that?
    Kang: (speaking into microphone) Calling home planet! This is Kang
          reporting a cigar shaped object moving at tremendous speed!
Superior: (on distant planet in control room) Surrrre, Kang, I'm writing it
          all down. (him and his fellow superior laugh amongst themselves)
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% The missile flies around Springfield. Mayor Quimby pops his head out his
% window -- "I bet I'll get blamed for this."
% Meanwhile, the Comic Book Guy is walking along the sidewalk eating a
% hotdog and reading an issue of "Aquaman".

(Dramatic) But Aquaman, you cannot marry a woman without gills. You're from
two different worlds! (the missile closes in on him) Oohh, I've wasted my
life...
-- Comic Book Guy, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% The missile detonates, sending a huge mushroom cloud enveloping Springfield.
% After the explosion, Homer exits the bomb shelter he was in, eating a canned
% food of some sort with a spoon.

You call that prime rib? Euchh. (Homer puts the can on Herman's dead, skeleton
hand. His only hand left, in fact. His arm gives way to the weight and falls
the floor.)
-- Homer, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer drives around in the oddly skied Springfield. He comes to a small
% traffic jam. Impatiently, he honks his horn.

It's green, moron! Earth to stupid guy. Hello?! (he gets out and strolls to
the car in the front of the queue) Maybe a little friendly punching will
move your tail! (he punches the unskinned skull of Kirk Van Houten, which
crumbles under his fist and drops to the ground) Still got it! (claps the
dust from his hands)
-- Homer, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer looks around, noticing the many dead people laying on the ground, in
% cars, everywhere. He notices a dead newspaper boy holding out today's copy
% with news on the cover regarding the blast. He realises what's happened.

Everything's gone!! (tearful) Little Bart (image of Bart swinging a baseball
bat, crack of the ball sounds)... Little Lisa (same image, replacing the word
"Bart" with "Lisa")... Little Marge (Marge swings, but we hear the air
swoosh as she misses the ball)... and the rest! (image of the TV, the pets,
and Maggie.)
-- Homer realising he's lost everything, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Oh, I've lost everything, I can't go on! (comes to his senses) No. No, no!!
I can't just wallow in sadness! It's time to laugh again! (laughs girlishly)
I'm the last man alive, and I can do everything I've always wanted!!
-- Homer, taking things too well, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer sits in the theatre among the deceased, watching a Chris Farley/David
% Spade movie. Spade and Farley run around in circles. We can hear bees, and
% the slapstick pair gasping and shrieking.

Oh, Spade... why did you put Farley in charge of the bees?
-- Homer, watching "Tommy Boy," "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Hey, buddy, down in front! (kicks a head which falls off) Heh heh heh heh.
-- Homer at the theater among the dead, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Next in Homer's good times, he leads the church sermon "Homer Rocks".
% He dances about naked in the church, a stereo playing loudly, and singing
% along all the way. But he is rudely interrupted by a group of mutants
% resembling past citizens of Springfield wearing black cloaks, who switch
% off his stereo.

Hey, what happened to the tune? (sees Mob) Aaaah! Hey, what the hell's going
on? Where'd you get those cloaks?
-- Homer seeing a group of mutants, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

(loud voice) Silence!  (normal voice) You're talking too loud.
-- Mutant Sideshow Mel, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Not all of us died in the blast, Homer. Some of us were merely horribly
mutated! (laughs)
-- Mutant Hibbert, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Homer: (gasp) You're mutants?
  Moe: Uh, we don't like the word `mutant,' Homer. We prefer `freaks.' Or
       `monsters.'
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Skinner: We're creating a perfect race, in which the mistakes of the past will
         be eliminated.
  Burns: And now... you must die.
         (the freaks close in on Homer, moaning. Homer grabs a candle pole
         complete with three lit candles)
  Homer: You want me, come and get me!
    Moe: Get him!
  Homer: D'oh!
-- In the church, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

(Homer runs away from the hideous freaks into a parked black car outside.)
Ahhh!! A.. a coffin!
(the freaks climb onto the car from all sides)
-- Homer, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer starts up the car, and accelerates, sending the freaks flying from
% the car.  Elsewhere, two pale musicians are stood in the street, talking.
% Homer approaches in the car.

Die, you chalk-faced goons!
(drives into them. They are thrown into the air over the car.)
-- Homer escaping from the freaks, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% The freaks also have obtained a car of their own. A bizarre-looking race
% car. They're all piled up in there, on the sides, on the top.

Come on! We just wanna eat your skin!
-- Freak-Lenny, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer rams into their car, and then speeds up, and eventually reaches his
% house, slamming the brakes in the garden. He rushes into the house and
% slams the door behind him, gasping for air after this frightening
% experience.

Safe at last...
(the doorbell rings)
That better not be the mutants.
(opens the door to see the mutants)
Aaaaaahhh!!
-- Homer, after narrowly escaping some mutants, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Marge appears from behind Homer.

   Marge: Homie, is that you?
          (the kids appear)
   Homer: Marge, kids, you're alive!
    Lisa: All the layers of paint in this house made the perfect bomb shelter!
   Homer: Awww, come here!
          (the family embrace)
  Freaks: Awwwww...
  Wiggum: Kinda brings a tear to your eye-socket.
          (he pokes his eye, which pops out)
 Hibbert: Hmmmm. Through the midst of all the killing and skin-eating, somehow
          we forgot the looovvve.
     Moe: Yeah, ain't that always the way, you get nuts with the skin-eating.
Flanders: You know, I don't see any reason why freaks and norms can't get
          along!
  Freaks: (all mutter in agreeing tones)
Flanders: We can all work together to build a Utopian society, free of
          violence, hate, and prejudice!
   Marge: That sounds beautiful, Ned. And let me just say my family and I
          share your vision for a better-- NOW!
          (Marge and the kids draw shotguns, and blast the freaks a couple of
          feet back, leaving them in a pile.)
          Hm, friends with mutants. Rrright!
   Homer: Now that's the Marge I married.  So! Who wants to steal some
          Farraris?
          (all cheer, agreeing with Homer)
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

[end of act one]


"Fly Vs. Fly"

% It's a sunny day, and our favorite family are browsing through odd items
% at Professor Frink's garage sale. There are many tables in the garden,
% each with wonders of the world.  Lisa picks up a Poiuyt, the optical
% illusion often featured in Mad Magazine.

Wow, look at all these gadgets... if I were a nerd, I'd be in heaven!
-- Lisa at Professor Prink's garage sale, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Professor Frink: Good morning, ma'am. (looks at watch) Good afternoon, sir.
                 It passed noon while I was speaking so that was techinically
                 accurate.
          Homer: (to Marge, almost whispering) He's crazy.
-- Technical talk, "Treehouse of Horror"

% Bart picks up a pair of plasticy pants which are rapidly changing color,
% or colors as it were. He asks Frink how much they are, Frink asking how
% much Bart's got.  As they speak, a robot with wheels attempts to escape the
% garage sale by placing a sign with the word "sold" on it onto his case.
% Professor Frink pulls him back.  Meanwhile, Homer is checking out what
% looks like some sort of booth. He walks into it whistling, only to be
% zapped into a duplicate of the booth, only elsewhere in the garden.

          Homer: (comes out of other side of matter transporter) Hmmm!
Professor Frink: I take it from that little impressed noise that you are
                 interested in purchasing that matter transporter, sir.
          Homer: (not fond of the price, hearable in voice) Ummmmmmm... two
                 bucks... it only transports matter... ummm... well, ah...
                 I'll give you thirty-five cents.
Professor Frink: Sold! But I must warn you, this device carries a
                 frighteningly high risk of catastrophic--
          Homer: (annoyed) I said I'll take it!
-- Wise choice, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

This mountain of stairs used to make bedtime a grueling chore, but not
anymore, baby! (walks through matter transporter unit one, emerges from
matter transporter unit two, at the top of the stairs. Homer doesn't
realise, but his pants are on fire.) Heh heh heh heh heh. Good night, losers!
-- Homer, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Man, how'd I ever live without this thing? (puts arm into matter transporter
unit one, arm comes out of matter transporter unit two which is in the kitchen
by the refridgerator. He reaches inside hoping to pull out a can of Duff, but
actually grabs a can of cat ear medicine.) Euuuuaagh.. blewww.. ohhh.. oh, man
that's good.
-- Homer, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer finds other uses for the matter transporter, such as making it easier
% to go to the bathroom. He positions one of the matter transporter units and
% takes down his fly, but Marge stops him before he can actually use this
% method. He groans in disappointment.

 Bart: Hey, dad, can I use the transporter sometimes? Please, I swear I'll be
       careful!
Homer: Sorry, but this is a highly sophisti-ma-cated doo-wacky. If you don't
       use it responsibly, KA-BLAM-O! (Homer outstretches his arms to add
       emphasis. One of them goes into the matter transporter.)
 Lisa: (in another room of the house) Ow, somebody just punched me in the
       face!
Homer: It was your mother!
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% It's night time, and Bart sneaks to a unit of the matter transporter. He
% pushes the cat and dog into the unit at the same time. Lots of smoke comes
% from the unit, and we hear a buzzer indicated some kind of error on the
% matter transporter's half. The animals also bark and meow. From the smoke,
% a new form of animal emerges -- a dog-like body, but with both Santa's
% Little Helper and Snowball II's heads.

(looks at new animal, a dog-like body with Santa's Little Helper's head, and
Snowball II's head where his butt should be) Cooool, twice the pet and none of
the mess! (Out comes another creature, with two tails and no heads.) Ohhh,
ohhhh... you can be Lisa's.
-- Bart, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% An annoying fly buzzes around in the room, giving Bart an idea. He imagines
% what he'd look like if he went into the transporter with the fly -- his body
% but wings that can fly, and fly-features. He then fantasises flying above
% the town and to Springfield Elementary school. "Look, in the sky! It's
% Superfly!"

Oh, I'd be stupid <not> to do this!
-- Bart with his idea of turning into a fly-boy, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Bart catches the fly, and enters the unit. We again see the smoke, and hear
% the buzzing sound. Out comes Bart the fly! But his original idea didn't
% quite happen, and he has the tiny body of a fly, only with his own head and
% a much higher voice.  Marge begins coming to the room, wondering what's
% with all the mist. Bart the fly attempts to escape by flying out the open
% window, but continuously flies into the glass without will of his own.
% The family enter the room, and Homer questions whether Bart has forgotten
% their little kablamo talk. Out of the unit comes a creature -- Bart's
% usual body, but with a huge fly's head. The family scream, and Marge grabs
% a broom and starts knocking the new creature on the head with the brush end.

 Lisa: Mom, stop! (checks paper printed from the of matter transporter.)
       According to this, Bart mixed up his DNA with a fly's. I think that's
       Bart!
       (the creature growls, making funny noises.)
Homer: I think she's right. The pants are a dead-giveaway.
-- I, mutant, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Oh well, he may be a freak, but he's still my son. I'm sure we'll grow to
accept him in time. (the clock ticks for a little, and within the hour, our
favorite family - including freak-Bart - are sat around the breakfast table
eating.)
-- Marge, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Homer tells a joke about something Lenny said, leaving the family in
% laughter. Freak-Bart slurps on a plate of syrup. When he finishes the syrup,
% he bangs it on the tabletop wanting more. Marge gives the fly what he
% wants.  Lisa explains there's one thing she doesn't understand.

 Lisa: There's one thing I still don't understand. When Bart went through the
       transporter, what happened to his head?
Homer: Oh, it'll turn up somewhere.
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Elsewhere, Bart the fly is apparently stuck on a spider's web, and is
% for help. The spider - giant compared to fly-Bart - climbs his web over to
% fly-Bart. Fly-Bart flies from the web, and slaps this spider about, and
% flies away. The spider shakes his legs in anger at fly-Bart.

% Back at the Simpsons home, freak-Bart and Homer are sat on the couch
% watching TV. Freak-Bart is slurping on a bag of sugar. Homer attempts to
% take the sugar for himself, but gives in and lets freak-Bart keep it when
% it becomes obvious this freak isn't going to share.
% Fly-Bart is buzzing around in the room, and sees the imposter. Fly-Bart
% flies around his parents' faces, shouting he's the real Bart, but of
% course, they can't here a word. As fly-Bart buzzes around Marge's face, she
% shoos it away. Bart avoids Marge's attacking hand, and buzzes around
% freak-Bart's face, trying to bribe him back to the matter transporter by
% talking about the garbage he could be eating in no time. Instead, freak-Bart
% chases after fly-Bart, trying to kill it. Fly-Bart flies out the window,
% avoiding hitting the glass this time, and into the outside. Freak-Bart
% slams shut the window, and Homer comes over and gives him a fatherly kiss.
% Slime strings from Homer's mouth as he moves away.

% That night, Lisa is in her room sat at her desk, her work lit by lamp.
% Fly-Bart lands on the lampshade, and his shadow appears enlarged on the
% light's beam on the wall. We can see fly-Bart's mouth moving, trying to
% talk, but we hear no sound. Lisa realises, and tells Bart to fly into her
% saxaphone so she can get an amplified sound. 

Fly-Bart: Help me, Lis! That giant fly stole my body and now he's trying to
          kill me!
    Lisa: Oh no, and I let him borrow my toothbrush!  Well, that hideous
          creep doesn't scare me.
          (some slime drips from the ceiling. Lisa looks up and sees
          freak-Bart up there, sending Lisa running out the room screaming.)
-- Not scared, eh? "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

 Lisa: (running away from freak-Bart) Mom, dad, help! He's trying to kill me!
Homer: Nobody likes a tattle-tale, honey.
Marge: (disappointed) They're like this every rainy day.
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

(Freak-Bart grabs Lisa) Get my filthy hands off my sister!
-- Fly-Bart, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Freak-Bart grabs fly-Bart and begins to consume him.

No, don't eat me! You don't know where I've been!
-- Fly-Bart, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Freak-Bart puts fly-Bart into his slimy mouth anyway. Lisa scolds freak-Bart
% and pushes the microwave open/close button. The door swings open, hitting
% freak-Bart in the face and sending him staggering back into the matter
% transporter. Bart comes out, back to normal!

Homer: Well, we were lucky this time. But it's all too clear that some things
       in this universe aren't meant to be trifled with.
       (grabs an axe)
Marge: Homer, what are you doing?
Homer: Something I should have done a long time ago. (to Bart, angry) I'll
       teach you to mess with my machine!!
 Bart: Aaaaaaaaaahh! (runs away, Homer follows)
Homer: I'm gonna chop you good! That cost me thirty-five cents!! You're just
       making it worse! I promise I won't hurt you!
-- I think we've all learned a lesson today... "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

[end of act two]


"Easy-Bake Coven"

% It's the 1600s, Sprynge-Fielde and there seems to be a town gathering. Mayor
% Quimby charges some woman - who look eerily familiar - with the crime of
% witchcraft.

You are all hereby found guilty with the crime of witchcraft. I sentence you
hags to be burned at the stake until you are deemed fit to re-enter society!
-- Quimby of 1649, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Wiggum tells the boys to fire up the stake -- they do so. Nelson laughs.

  Agnes: (burning on stake) See you in hell, Seymour!
Seymour: (cheerful) Goodbye, mother!
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

 1649 Lisa: If they're really witches, why don't they use their powers to
            escape?
1649 Homer: That sounds like witch-talk to me, Lisa.
 1649 Lisa: Never mind!
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

1649 Flanders: Well, that's 75 witches we've processed. That oughtta show God
               whose side we're on, eh, Pastor?
 1649 Lovejoy: Yes, Nedwin, but we have many more strumpets to incinerate.
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% In the church...

1649 Lovejoy: Ladies and gentlemen, there is still a witch among us.
 1649 Quimby: Let us open the floor to, uh, wild accusations.
  1649 Homer: Woo-hoo! I accuse Goodie Flanders!
              (noises from the attendance)
1649 Skinner: I accuse Goodie Badwife.
 1649 Wiggum: Uh, we killed her on Sunday.
    1649 Mel: Well, there must be someone we can accuse.
   1649 Bart: Lisa Simpson!
   1649 Lisa: Bart, quit it!
   1649 Bart: She put a spell on me! (brainwashed) Must.. drop.. pantaloons.
              (starts dropping pants. Marge grabs him before he can.)
  1649 Marge: Hmmmm! Let's come to our senses everyone! This witch-hunt is
              turning into a circus!
    1649 Moe: She's the witch!
              (attendance agrees)
1649 Skinner: I was just about to accuse her.
-- At the court, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

    1649 Marge: This is crazy! I'm not a witch!
1649 Krabapple: Ha! Then how come your laundry is always <much> whiter than
                mine? (holds up grey laundry)
-- That's because she uses Faz, now with bleach! "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

    Everyone: Burn her!!
 1649 Quimby: Everyone, let us not turn into an angry mob!
              (immediate silence)
              Goodie-Simpson is entitled to due process!
              (cut to clifftop)
 1649 Wiggum: OK, here's how the process works. You sit on the broom and we
              shove you off the cliff.
  1649 Marge: What?!
 1649 Wiggum: Well, hear me out, if you're innocent, you will fall to an
              honorable Christian death. If you are, however, the bride of
              Satan, you will surely fly your broom to safety. At that point
              you will report back here for torture and beheading.
1649 Skinner: Tough, but fair.
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

  1648 Lisa: Stop! Doesn't the Bible say `Judge not lest ye be judged'?
              (crowd in mutters amongst themselves)
1649 Wiggum: The bible says a lot of things, shove her!
-- At the clifftop, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Marge is pushed off the cliff, leaving her family screaming. Marge also
% screams as she falls to her apparent doom. Reverend Lovejoy explains that
% they have performed the Lord's work and sent a good women into his-- but
% a green-skinned, black haired Marge flies from the cliff bottom back to the
% top. The crowd gasps as Marge cackles.

(Marge the witch cackles evily on her broomstick. Homer says, nervously) OK,
now, let's not jump to conclusions, everyone...
-- Homer, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

Well, I'll be a son of a witch!
-- Bart, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

 1649 Marge: That's right, I'm a witch! I'm the one who whithered your
             livestock, soured your sheep's milk, and made your shirt itchy!
 1649 Lenny: Hey, you destroyed my turnip crop!
 1649 Marge: No, that was gophers.
1649 Wiggum: Impossible, we burned all the gophers!
 1649 Marge: Not all of them!
             (she turns Wiggum into a large, human sized gopher with a
             military helmet on his head. "Ow ow ow ow!!")
-- Marge the witch, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% In revenge for pushing her off the cliff, Marge the witch turns Eddie and
% Lou into a snowman (Eddie) and a pink-clothed.. person (Lou).

Lou (Snowman): Alright, everyone, nothing to see here.
Eddie (fairy): Yeah, show's over, alright? Move along.
-- Come on, gather round! "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

1649 Marge: As for the rest of you...
            (her hair pulsates, and bursts open, sending a swarm of bats
            flying after the townspeople.)
1649 Homer: (running away) Aah! Aah! They're in my hair, they're in my hair!!
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% In a cave somewhere, Patty and Selma, the witches, are cooking over a
% couldren.

1649 Patty: (tastes) This needs more eye-of-newt.
1649 Selma: You always want more eye-of-newt. If it were up to you, the brew
            would be nothing but newt-eyes.
-- In the ol' cave, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Marge the witch flies in.

Well, look who it is! If I knew you were coming, I'd have baked a cat!
-- Witch Patty/Selma (which one... who knows!) "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

1649 Marge: What a day... they found out I was a witch so I had to leave my
            family!
1649 Selma: (glad) Really... so you finally left Derwood.
1649 Marge: His name is Homer.
-- ... Oh. "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Meanwhile in the Flanders home, Goodie-Flanders is looking up at the cave
% where the witches reside, worried about the not-to-distant future.

1649 Maude: Oh, Neddy... look at them up there, plotting our doom! They
            could force us to commit ronten acts of cronality! (sex. --hw)
  1649 Ned: (laughs disappointedly) Pf, yeah, that'll be the day.
1649 Maude: What's that, Ned?
  1649 Ned: Uh, we shouldn't fear the witches, Maude! We're already
            thirty-five, we've both gone way past our life-expectancy.
-- At the Flanders home, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Maude adds that there are tales of witches coming to normal folks' houses
% and eating their children! As it happens, the witches have been watching
% over the Flanders' conversation all the while through their couldren. One
% of Marge's sisters considers this a good idea!

Mmmmmm, eat their children!  Jeez... we were just gonna swipe their shoes! But
a good idea is a good idea.
-- Marge's witch sister, Patty/Selma, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% The witches take to the skies on their brooms, cackling until the touch the
% ground outside the Flanders house, where they stop cackling immediately.
% The witches knock on the door, and converse with the Flanders from outside,
% and explain their plan of eating the children.

(the witches knock on the door)
  1649 Ned: Who is it?
   Witches: Witches!
1649 Maude: Um, whaddya want?
1649 Marge: We're here to eat your kids.
  1649 Ned: (voice indicates he has a plan) OK, come on in... (opens door) and
            look at this!! (holds up crucifix)
1649 Patty: Oh, puh-lease. (pushes past)
-- Damn legends, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

1649 Patty: Now, make with the kids.
            (the 1649 versions of Rod and Todd walk into the sacks, and the
            witches close up the tops.)
  1649 Rod: (from inside sack) Don't blame yourself, daddy.
 1649 Todd: (from inside sack) You did everything you could!
-- They suuuurrre did, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% Ned tells Maude to do something, as they witches walk away outside. Maude
% hurries, and offers them some gingerbread men on a plate. The witches stop
% as Ned mentions them being boneless. They return to the doorway and taste
% these gingerbread men, and obviously find them more tasty than a child could
% ever be! They drop the sacks with the kids inside and scoff down gingerbread
% men.

% Later on, the witches leave the Wiggum home, and Ralph waves them off from
% the doorway.

 1649 Ralph: Bye, witches, thanks for not eating me!
1649 Wiggum: (still a gopher, pops head round) Yeah, you hags are alright!
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% The witches compare their treats from a night's work. They decide scaring
% people into giving them treats is fun, and that they should do it every
% year. They fly away on their brooms, cackling.

% The camera pans to Captain McAllistar, who is sat on a rock smoking his
% pipe. He closes a book.

Yarrr. And that's the story of the very first caramel cod. I mean..
halloween. And it wasn't long before this yearly custom became an annual
tradition.
-- Captain McAllistar, "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

% One year later, the people of Sprynge-Fielde are wandering around the
% streets, dressed in costumes, comparing treats, and trick-or-treating.
% Homer throws eggs at a door, and one egg at a window, smashing the glass.

1649 Homer: Come on, give us some candy! Don't pretend you're not home.
 1649 Lisa: Dad, that's <our> house!
            (the townspeople laugh at Homer.)
1649 Homer: She's a witch!!
            (the townspeople shout things like "get her!" and chase her
            into the distance. Homer looks pleased with his work.)
-- "Treehouse of Horror VIII"

[end of act three]


<|endoftext|>
