% Kent Brockman is hosting a bachelor auction.

Kent Brockman: Hello, I'm Kent Brockman, our top story - punks and lots of
               them. And all to raise money for the fire service so they can
               have a fire engine to get to fires.
         Bart: Lazy bums.
        Homer: Yes, why don't we get a mink stoles whilst we're at it.
-- Bright thinking, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

    Kent: Now let's here it for our celebrity auctioneer, Krusty.
Audience: What?
    Kent: The Clown [applause].
-- Ohh.. THAT Krusty, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Thank you, Hey-hey! I can't read that, not that either. O.K, let's bring on
our first bachelor. This sexy fellow describes himself as a big thirsty teddy
bear. Say hello to Barney Gumble. (walks on) I got zero, zero, zero, I got
zero! [Barney walks to rejects]
-- Krusty, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Next up is Captain McAllistar, who doesn't seem to be having any look so
% far.

    Krusty: Come on! He likes sunsets what more do you want.
McCalister: Yahrrr! I'm not attractive!
-- Damn right, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Our last bachelor likes women who take their clothes off for money! Let's
here it for Moe!
-- Sounds good! "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Instead of staying on the stage, Moe walks across and straight into the
% rejects section.

% Lisa ponders on whether there are any good bachelors in this town,
% followed by a shot of a small group of hunky male fire fighters,
% obviously bachelors, out there alone.


Marge: Apu, your'e a bachelor. Get up there.
  Apu: They won't like me. I'm nothing special.
Marge: Don't be shy! Excuse Me! Excuse me! There's another bachelor.
 Lisa: Just tell them about yourself.
  Apu: Well, I have a docterate in computer science. I run my own business
       of course. I do like to cook, I'm not such a good talker, but I love
       to listen. In my spare time I like to build furniture and then to
       have a discussion about where to put it in a room.
-- The exciting life of Apu, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

      Miss Hoover: Fifty dollars.
Luanne Van Houten: Seventy five!
  Kirk Van Houten: You better have enough left to pay my alimony, Louanne.
-- Ah, sweet divorce, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% The bids get higher and higher until a small group of five ladies put
% together their money and bid for a grand total of nine hundred and
% twenty six dollars!

Sold, to the 5 desperate chicks!
-- Krusty, auctioning Apu, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Sometime after the auction, Apu pulls up outside Miss Hoover's house in
% his car after their date. It would appear Apu has won Miss Hoover a soft
% toy during the course of their evening together!

Hoover: I had a great time Apu, and thanks for winning Wubsy. I had no idea
        that you were such a great shot.
   Apu: Oh yes, all Kwik-E-Mart managers must be skilled in the deadly arts.
-- You have left me no choice but to challenge you, rat! "The Two Mrs.
   Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Apu realises this date will not be easy to top, but nonetheless, drives
% a couple of houses down to Luanne's house for his next date.

Luanne: Any body up for some clog dancing?
   Apu: Why don't you try to stop me!
-- One down, four to go, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Time has passed, and Apu is at the Kwik-E-Mart, reading a romantic letter
% from one of his many girlfriends.

  Apu: [reading] This is just a note to say I think about you everyday. And
       when I get you all alone.. Oh! It gets kinda personal here.
Homer: I see... [reads rest] Wow!
  Apu: Here's one from my mother.
Homer: Lets see what she wrote! [lusty growl]
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Apu opens up the letter and a lotus flower drops out. It must be a bad
% sign, because Apu screams.

You don't like lotus flowers too? Don't get me started on lotus flowers.
-- Homer to Apu, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Apu explains that this lotus flower is an indication that his arranged
% marriage, which was arranged when Apu was only eight years old, has caught
% up with him and that the wedding will be soon. A flashback ensues.

    Apu's mother: 10 boats and a electric fan, you call that a dauree?
Manjula's mother: OK, we will throw in a textile factory as well. But only
                  because Manjula is getting on in years.
    Apu's mother: Ok it is agreed. Your 3rd daughter will marry our first
                  son.
Monjula's mother: It is done.
-- A life-changing conversation, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Back to present.

  Apu: I can't get married, I'm just beginning to enjoy my batchelorhood,
       what should I do?
Homer: Tell her the truth, you are not ready to get married!
  Apu: No, you don't know mother. She will never quit until I am married!
Homer: Then tell her you already got married!
  Apu: No, no, no I cannot lie to my mother.
Homer: Then get married. Phew! What do you want from me?
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Later, Apu is on the telephone to his mother, explaining that he's
% already been married and the arranged marriage can't happen.

Yes that is right mother, I already got married. Why did I not bother to
tell you? The reason is... [looks at Homer who holds up sign: Where are
the sticky buns?] Well I guess I didn't think you'd understand. I love
you [kiss kiss], bye bye. [puts phone down]. It worked! The lie has set
me free!
-- Apu on the telephone to his mother, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% [I'm Hot Blooded, Check it and see, I got a fever of 103. Come on baby do
% you do more to dance, I'm Hot Blooded, Hot Blooded, I don't have to read
% your mind, To know whats in your mind, Honey you ought to know...]
% The song of victory. Apu is once again free, and to celebrate, goes to a
% barber to get a new hairstyle, ranging from outrageous and old-fashioned
% to modern and stylish.

% At the Kwik E-Mart. Apu is fast asleep on the counter desk, and Homer is
% holding unpurchased Lotto tickets up against the light so he can cheat
% and get a certain winner.

Homer: Loser.. Loser.. Loser.. $500! Apu! Wake up! I want to buy a yodel
       and this lottery ticket. I have this much.
  Apu: I am sorry but you do not have enough for both.
Homer: [groans, thinks] I'll take the yodel.
-- A yodel is worth 500 words, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

  Apu: [yawns]
Homer: Late night, eh?
  Apu: Not the type to kiss and tell sir, but listen to this.
       [whispers, then gasps at the sight of his mother strolling through
       the parking lot. The gasp is odd sounding, and impresses Homer.]
Homer: Oh you dog!
  Apu: Oh, It's my mother! What am I going to do?!
Homer: What's the problem?
  Apu: Don't you see?! She is here to meet my wife!
       [Homer looks blank]
       The wife I told her I had!
       [Homer looks blank] I do not have a wife!
Homer: Then you shouldn't have lied to your mother.
-- Stating the obvious, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Oh, she'll be hear any second!! [Apu's mother trips and falls to the ground]
Yes! That'll buy me some time!
-- Apu, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Homer: Seems to me... Well you could always move into my house and tell
       your mom that Marge is your wife.
  Apu: Is it me or does your plans always have some horrid web of lies?
Homer: It's you.
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

         Apu: [pretends he hasn't realised it's his mother yet] Welcome to
              the Kwik-E-Mart-- Mother! What are you doing here?
Apu's mother: I have come to meet this wife of yours.
         Apu: And meet her you shall!
              [Homer winks and walks away]
              It is a very reasonable request that can be easily be granted
              in a timely and officient...
Apu's mother: Let's go.
         Apu: ... And we shall because it is in the timing that
              [Apu's mother pulls him by ear. He screams silently.]
-- Motherly love, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% At home, instead of having explained the plan to Marge, Homer is sat
% on the couch remeniscing on the yodel he ate earlier.

Oh that yodel was so good. I wish I was eating it right now.
-- Homer, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Homer: [sees Apu pull up outside) Marge, I need a small favour! Over the
       next few days will you pretend to be Apu's wife?
Marge: [gasps] What?
Homer: Please, it's just for as long as his mothers living here!
Marge: What?!
-- Nothing like leaving things to the last minute, "The Two Mrs.
   Nahasapeemapetilons"

  Apu: [opens door] [nervously] Honey, I'm home!
Marge: [playing along, reluctantly] How was your day, sweetheart?
Homer: Oh, can you feel the love...
-- Happy families, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Mother, I would like you to meet my wife of many many years.... Marge.
-- Apu, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

       Marge: Hello, So what brings you to America?
Apu's mother: I have come to see the woman who Apu is using to willingly
              disgrace his family and spit on his culture.
       Marge: Well here I am.
-- First impressions, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

OK, gotta run. Apu I think you better go upstairs and fix that broken
toilet before Marge yells at you again! [exits]
-- Homer to Apu, who is pretending to be Marge's spouse, "The Two Mrs.
   Nahasapeemapetilons"

       Marge: I'm just so honoured to be able to have you hear in our home.
Apu's mother: Thank you. And now I have met you can I say how deeply deeply
              diasapointed I am. Apu, Monjula is a sweet refined chased
              woman. [beat] Are you nuts?!
-- Already fitting in, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Mother, you know that 1 out of every 25 arranged marrages end in divorce.
-- Apu, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

       Marge: Bart & Lisa. You remember your *father* Apu? Well this is
              your *father* Apu's mother.
              [kids are confused but agree]
Apu's mother: I cannot believe you did not tell me I had two grandchildren!
              [Maggie crawls in.]
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% At Moes Tavern.

Homer: But you can't leave! We scamming an old lady at our place and I
       need a place to hang out!
  Moe: I'm sorry Homer, but I've been planning this vacation for years. I'm
       finally going to see Easter Island!
Homer: Easter Island, The place with the giant heads?
  Moe: With the giant what now?
-- Uh oh, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% At the Springfield Retirement Castle, Homer is visiting.

 Homer: Hi dad, I've come to spend some time with my favourite father!
Grampa: Baloney! You've come here to put me in a home.
 Homer: I already put you in a home.
Grampa: [shocked] How could you?!
-- Remember the days when he wasn't behind the times? "The Two Mrs.
   Nahasapeemapetilons"

   Man: Abraham Simpson - Cornelius Tamlidge.
 Homer: Oh wait, I'm not Corn-- Oh. Let's see what you got here. [looks at
        pills]
Grampa: The pink ones stop you from going crazy.
-- They don't work, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Hey, they have chairs with wheels and here I am using my legs like a sucker!
-- Homer at the old folks home, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Homer hops onto a wheelchair and starts turning the wheels with his hands.
% Jasper, however, has an electric wheelchair which requires only the touch
% of a button. The two race eachother, but Jasper wins. It appears Homer has
% a new rival!

% That night, Apu is in Marge's bedroom rolling out one of Bart's sleeping
% bags on the floor, while Marge sits in the bed.

  Apu: Again, Marge, I am sorry for the inconveinience. You are a real sport.
Marge: How long will she be here? Homer was a little sketchy on the details.
  Apu: Oh, it should be no more than a couple of days. She really truly hates
       you.
-- Talking about Apu's mother, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% In the morning, Bart, Lisa, and Apu's mother are sat at the breakfast
% table.

        Lisa: Can I ask you about that dot? [referring to the gopi dot on
              Apu's mother's forehead.]
Apu's mother: What would you like to know?
        Lisa: What's the deal with that dot?
        Bart: Can you see out of it? Does it turn colour when your'e ticked
              off?
Apu's mother: You tell me.
        Bart: Nothing yet...
-- Q & A with Mother Nahasapeemapetilon, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Apu's mother: Surely you know the background to your father's heritage.
        Bart: So long you have no follow up questions, then yes.. we do.
        Lisa: Fully. We have to go now.
-- Inconspicuousness is a virtue, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% At the old folks home, Homer is walking through the room greeting his
% new friends.

 Homer: Jasper. Gladys. Beatrice. Looking good, Hatty! Asa. Asel.. Asel.. Asel.
        To hell with her! Ester. Ameil. Prudence. Clemnial. Increase. Dad.
Grampa: Cornelius.
-- I have no son! "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

  Man: Supper time!
       [Homer jumps into a wheelchair and begins moving, but Jasper overtakes
       him, so Homer gets out the chair and runs the rest of the way, beating
       Jasper by a mile.]
Homer: Eat my dust!
  Man: Wow, someone sure likes their kidney mush!
Homer: Sure do!
-- Mmmmm... kidney mush, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Later on, Homer is still at the old folks home. He's in bed, sucking on
% some liquid-made food.

Homer: Who knew that Laze made liquid potato chips? Can't suck just one.
Woman: Another bag of patato chips, Mr. Talmidge?
Homer: Also I think I'm getting a bed sore. What do you have to do to get
       turned round here [she begins]. Hey, what's Lucky joined up to?
Woman: It's a machine that breaths for him.
Homer: And here I am using my own lungs like a sucker. And how come everyone
       has a bed pan and I have to walk all the way other there!
Woman: Over there?
       [the toilet is right next to him]
-- Lazy, lazy man, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Cornelius: Hello, I am Cornelius Talmidge. My family brought me here on
           Monday but I broke free and went on a bit of a bender.
    Woman: Well if you're Cornelius Talmidge ten whose...?
           [Homer has escaped through the window and is running into the
           distance.]
-- And I would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for these meddling
   kids! "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Later that night, Homer and Marge are in bed.

When, I get older Marge I want you to promise to put me in a home. It's like
being a baby but you can appreciate it.
-- Homer, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Marge: Well, I'm glad you've been having the time of your life because I've
       had my hands full with Apu's mother!
Homer: Oh right, the fake marriage thing. How's that going?
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

       [Apu's mother enters, discovering Homer and Marge in the same bed, and
       Apu in a sleeping bag on the floor.]
  Apu: [on floor] [faking] Oh Marge, how could you?
Marge: [tired of the whole thing] Give it up Apu.
  Apu: Mother, I am sorry. I lied to you about being married.
Homer: Lied to his mother. [tuts]
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

         Apu: But the fact that I have staged this rediculous farce proves to
              you how much I do not want to go through with this arranged
              marriage. 
Apu's mother: Oh, I didn't realise how strongly you felt Apu! [beat] Now wipe
              that smile off your face. We have a wedding to plan!
-- Tables turn quickly, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Homer: You know what you could do...?
  Apu: Shut up.
Homer: You could fake your own death...
  Apu: Oh won't you shut up.
Homer: All you need is a car bomb...
  Apu: I can't believe you don't shut up!
-- Homer's zany plans, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% The next morning, Apu's mother is on the telephone to Manjula.

Yes, Yes, Monjula, I will take care of all the wedding plans. You just get on
a plane and come to America. [Marge turns egg timer over and looks at her
watch] I have to go. [speaks in Indian, obviously insulting Marge.] Believe me
I'd like to. Bye! [hangs up]
-- Apu's mother, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Marge: I've been looking over this list for the ceromony. I've got the extra
       wine glasses but I'm still short a Tandori oven, an elephant and four
       castrati.
Bart: What's a castrati?
Marge: I don't know but I'm sure it's something spicy.
-- Unlearned oafs, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% At Moes Tavern, the guys are having a beer.

 Lenny: Have you seen Apu lately? He looks terrible!
  Carl: Yeah, rumor has it that Marge through him out.
Barney: Tough break! She's a beautiful lady.
   Moe: You got that straight Barn.
   All: [raising beer mugs] To Marge!
-- Sweet drunk talk, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Homer: [walks in avec Apu] Moe, what do you recommend for severe depression?
  Moe: Booze, booze and more booze.
-- Start a tab, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Nothing like a depresant to chase the blues away. [everyone agrees]
-- Lenny, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Apu: Monjula and I have not seen each other for 20 years. Two people cannot
     fall in love - sight unseen.
Moe: Hang on there. I'm counting in that. [reading mail order brides]
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

  Apu: Only 24 hours left of bacholorism.
Homer: Actually it's more like 12. No, seven hours. Am I stupid. It's 7
       hours. [shows Apu his watch] See, seven.
-- Seven, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Homer decides the cure for Apu's problems will be to have fun, starting
% with a nice jacuzzi at the old folks home.

        [the water bubbles.]
 Homer: Is this the life or what?
Jasper: Want me to turn on the bubbles?
-- The future is in fart jokes, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% At the Air India airport.

Which bombay to Springfield flight is she on? The 10:00, 10:15 or 10:30?
-- Lisa, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Cabin Crew Man: [To tiger trainers] I am so terribly sorry sir, It appears
                that your tiger has been sent to St. Louis. 
        Gunter: I'll send you to St. Louis!
         Ernst: No, no, he's not worth it!
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% They both indicate their tiger on the chart.


% In our favorite family's back garden, the wedding is being set.

Apu's mother: How's the fire coming. Is it holy enough yet?
        Bart: Almost! [tears hymns and tosses them into the blaze.]
-- Just a couple more bibles and a crucifix will do, "The Two Mrs.
   Nahasapeemapetilons"

% In Homer's bedroom, he is struggling to get his pants on.

  Apu: Can you believe it? Tradition forbids me to even look at the woman
       who I am going to spend the rest of my life with. Has the whole world
       gone crazy?
Homer: Nope. Just your screwy country.
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Apu decides only the Gods can stop this wedding now, giving Homer one of
% his trademark crazy ideas.

% The wedding is underway. Lisa is handing out flower garlands for the
% friends attending.

 Moe: No, no pansies for me!
Lisa: It's the tradition in India.
 Moe: Alright, it'll cover the gravy stains.
      [Bart kicks him.]
Bart: Tradition.
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

  Marge: Thankyou, for helping us out Rev. Lovejoy. I know you have never held
         a Hindu Ceremony.
Lovejoy: Well, Christ is Christ. Plus I consulted a Hindu web-site.
-- Ah, the wonders of the Internet, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Trumpets sound, and Apu enters the wedding on an elephant.

 Apu: [unenthusiastic] Hello everyone, What a happy happy day.
Bart: Wow, I wish I had an elephant!
Lisa: You did, his name was Stampy, you loved him.
Bart: Oh yeah...
-- Continuity takes it's toll, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% The elephant spots a mouse, and crushes it!
% Apu gets down from the elephant and meets Manjula for the first time in
% many years. Homer breaks into the wedding trying to put it on hold!

 Homer: I am the God, Genesh! This wedding angers me. It will break up or all
        will die.
   Apu: Oh God!
 Homer: Please Listen to me! 
Indian: Tu begin Ganesh. Ganesh by undercan deay ne!
        ["You are not Ganesh. Ganesh is graceful"] [chases after Homer]
 Homer: [runs off and loses an arm] Stop chasing Ganesh, you're just going to
        get more Wrath!
-- Homer tries to stop Apu's wedding, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

    Apu: Oh, this is all my fault. To be perfectly true to you I have not been
         exactly looking forward to this arranged marriage. 
Manjula: Nor have I, marrying a complete stranger, it is crazy!
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Everyone, Ganesh has been subdued [shot of him in tree] Resume the ceremony!
-- Apu's mother, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

    Apu: Quickly tell me, what is your favourite movie, book, and food?
Manjula: The answer to all three is Fried Green Tomatoes.
-- "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

    Apu: Do you think this marriage will work?
Monjula: I don't know, we can always get a divorce.
-- Planning ahead, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% The soon to be wedded couple walk around the fire hand in hand and to the
% front. Reverend Lovejoy marries them.

[crying] Geez, I am no good at weddings!
-- Moe, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% The band plays "Close to You" by The Carpenters, Indian style.

 Lisa: Dad, those peanuts aren't for you, they're for the elephant!
Homer: They are?
       [Elephant grabs him with it's trunk.]
       Aghh, put me down! Ganesh commands you!
-- Elephant to elephant, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

    Apu: Well, so far so good, don't you think? I can't wait to show you my
         appartment.
Manjula: Apartment?! No No, you must buy me a house. And you are getting a
         haircut.
    Apu: [shocked, worried] Oh!
Manjula: Got you!
         [Both laugh]
-- Cruel humor, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

Stop, come on elephant! Whee, everyone is upside down! [laughs]
-- Homer, "The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons"

% Fin.


<|endoftext|>
