% Another week, another sting. The police force of Springfield, namely Eddie,
% Lou and Chief Clancy Wiggum, are preparing the police station to lure
% outlaws to the building.

Wiggum: I mailed these bogus prize certificates to every scofflaw in
        Springfield. When they show up for their free motor boats we arrest
        them and beat them to the full extent of the law.
 Eddie: So the hook is baited.
   Lou: Nice metaphore Eddie!
Wiggum: Yeah, good work, Eddie!
-- With sugar on top, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Homer is one of the scofflaws Chief Wiggum spoke about, and he's driving
% the family to the station to pick up a motorboat Homer supposedly won.

Homer: Up and away in my beautiful my beautiful motor boat! Da da da da!
 Bart: But we didn't enter any police raffle.
Homer: That doesn't matter, the important thing is we won.
       [parks]
Marge: I don't know, there's something very peculiar about
       this!
Homer: Sheesh! You're the most paranoid family I've ever been
       affiliated with. [gets out]
-- Care-free Homer, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Snake beat Homer to the station, but Homer tries to cut to the front of
% the line.

I'd like a yellow boat please, with extra motors.
-- Homer knows what he wants, "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Snake: Yo! No cuts bro! Where's my motor boat pig?
Wiggum: Right through that door [he laughs. Snake enters we hear screams.]
Wiggum: Alright, Simpson, Homer. Your'e next.
 Homer: Wohoo! [goes through] Howdy gents. I'm hear to collect my free...
        [they get him] Oh, oh, my boating arm. What's going on?
-- He walked right into it, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Wiggum: Your'e under arrest slimebag, what's this punk in here for Lou?
   Lou: 235 unpaid parking tickets, totalling $175.
Wiggum: I hope you brought your'e check book, wiseguy.
 Homer: [gets it out his back pocket.] You lousy cops. Lucky for you I'm
        double parked. [gives him check] Now, can I please have my motor boat?
-- Uh, sir, you didn't quite get the point, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Within no time, our favorite family are driving home. Homer isn't happy
% about what happened, and seems to be giving everyone the silent treatment.

 Bart: Dad, why arn't you saying anything? Where's our motorboat?
Homer: I didn't like it. The mast had termites.
 Lisa: Why would a motor boat have a mast?
Homer: Because... the thingy was... shut up!
-- Easy way out, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Homer stops at the lights, nearby a construction site.

There's that new mega mall they're building. They say their air conditioner
they are using will be more powefull than a million hydrogen bombs.
-- 95% of statistics are fake. Marge, "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Lisa: Hey, they can't just build a parking lot on Saber Tooth meadow. That's
       where they found all them fossils.
Homer: Fossils Schmossils. You can't stop progress because of some mony old
       bones. Bones Schmones. [drives off]
 Lisa: But they might be paving over rare specimins. Pull over so we can
       complain Dad. Come on who wants to complain with me? [silence] Fine,
       I'll come back later. Who wants to come back with me? [silence] Fine.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Lisa did go back, but not alone. With her is attorney at law Lionel Hutz,
% who is aiding Lisa in the protest of building over the land.

  Lisa: My attorney Lionel Hutz, calls your attention to municipal code 147C,
        protection of antiquities and fossils.
Lionel: That's right. [pats his briefcase and there is only an appel core and
        sandwich in it].
-- Ouch, hard evidence! "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Sid: There arn't any fossils here little girl. Museum folks dug them up
      years ago.
Lisa: But what if they missed something? You have to allow an archaeological
      survey.
 Sid: Who's gonna make us? You?
      [laughter ensues, including Lionel Hutz, who seems to find it even
      more funny than Sid does.]
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Sid's partner: Now hold on, hold on Sid, maybe we should let the kid
                dig, it could be a good publicity. [they walk away and 
                discuss]. 
           Sid: Fine, if you wanna dig, be my guest.
        Lionel: Fine, we'll see you in court!
          Lisa: Mr Hutz, we won.
        Lionel: [in a you-had-nothing-to-do-with-it tone] Weee..?
-- Two words. Therapy. "Lisa the Skeptic"

% The next day, Lisa is in Principal Skinner's office.

   Lisa: Principal Skinner, remember how I didn't sue when I found that
         scorpion in my apple sauce? Well I'm calling in a favour.
Skinner: I knew this day would come.
-- Cruel fate, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In the classroom, Skinner makes an announcement over the intercom.

Attention, all honour students will be reward with a trip to an
archaeological dig. [The honour students cheer]. Conversely, all dentention
students will be punished with a trip to an archaeological dig. [The
detention students boo].
-- See, you're all treated equally! Principal Skinner, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Soon enough, the field trip is underway. Jimbo, Dolph and Kearney are
% pick-axing into the ground, wearing prisoner-style outfits.

                 [singing as if doing prison-like chores]
          Jimbo: Gonna dig me a whole..
Dolph & Kearney: Gonna dig me a whole..
          Jimbo: Gonna put a nerd in it..
Dolph & Kearney: Gonna put a nerd in it..
          Jimbo: Gonna take a firecracker..
Dolph & Kearney: Gonna take a firecracker..
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Skinner watches through his scope as Lisa watches her fellow classmates
% searching the site.

   Lisa: This is so exciting, I can't wait to see what we to find.
Skinner: I must admit, this is rather exciting. Eh! Look there's something
         right here. It seems to be some sort of rock! [picks it up and
         crumbles it] Oh no, it is just a clump of dirt. Even so, my heart
         is pounding like a kettle drum, I better sit down for a while. [sits
         and wipes brow].
-- Tough work, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Elsewhere on the site, Ralph seems to have found something!

      Ralph: Prinscipal Skipple, Prinscipal Skimpster. I found something. [all
             gather] It's a spearhead. 
Miss Hoover: That's your trowel blade, Ralph, it fell off the handle.
      Ralph: And I found it.
-- You sure did. Here's a rubber ball. "Lisa the Skeptic"

O.K, everyone back to work. You never know when we might uncover a
Tyrannasaurus? [all walk off, but Ralph runs off screaming.]
-- Lisa, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Later still, the day is becoming old, and Bart and Milhouse are shovelling
% dirt into the pants of Martin, who is sound asleep. Principal Skinner is
% prepared to call it a day.

% Lisa is reluctant to leaving, so she desparately searches the dirt for
% something. Lisa begins to unearth something big, something like an odd
% skeletion! Conveiniently, parents and non-parents arrive on the scene,
% forming a crowd.

>From the looks of it I'd say this fellow died from causes unknown [laughs]!
-- Dr. Hibbert, "Lisa the Skeptic"

   Lisa: Look, there's more. What the heck is this thing?
Hibbert: Speaking from a strictly medical point of view, that ain't right!
-- In English, doctor! "Lisa the Skeptic"

     Lisa: [uncovers wings] Oh my goodness.
Millhouse: What is it Lisa?
     Lisa: It looks like a human skeleton, but these other bones almost look
           like wings.
      Ned: You mean like an angel!
     Lisa: Well obvioiusly that is impossible--
      Moe: Yeah, Lisa's right, It's an angel!
-- Let's not jump to conclusions, "Lisa the Skeptic"

[End of act one.]

Lisa: But it can't be an angel.
 Moe: No? Well if you're so sure what it ain't, how-a-bout telling us what
      it am!
-- Jerry! Jerry! "Lisa the Skeptic"

% The crowd is eager for an explanation. Lisa is quick to come up with an
% easy explenation.

% Lisa exmplains with the aid of the following sketch: In the past a
% Homer-like neanderthal is searching for food in a stream when two giant
% fish leap up and bite his arms. He runs about with the fish stuck to his
% arms before falling unconcious in the mud. His skeleton is then revealed
% as that in the present.

I gotta say Lisa it seems you're straining to do some explaining.
-- The fun never ends. Ned Flanders, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Yes, everybody's heard of angles, but who's heard of a neanderthal!
-- Chief Wiggum, "Lisa the Skeptic"

    Lisa: It could be anything, it could be a mutant from the nuclear plant.
   Burns: D'oh! Fiddle-faddle, everyone knows our mutants have flippers. Oh!
          I've said too much. Smithers, use the amnesia ray.
Smithers: You mean the revolver, sir?
   Burns: Precisely, be sure to wipe your own memory clear when you've
          finished.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

Now, regardless of what this thing is, it's a priceless scientific find. So
our more prior concern now is to determine who owns such a valuabe skeleton,
and I propose I do.
-- A reasonable arguament. Dr. Hibbert, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Everyone is against the idea.

 Mel: I'd like to hear from Lionel Hutz.
Hutz: It's an authority legal issue alright, I'll need to
      refer to the case: "Finders vs. Keepers".
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

  Ned: Oh, we can work this out friends, in the spirit of
       sharing why don't we simply place the sacred bones...
       [Homer honks car horn. He has the skeleton strapped to the back
       of his car.]
Homer: So long suckers! [drives off]
-- Patience, Neddy, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Back home, Homer is pushing the skeleton into his cupboard.

Homer: Eh! Come on angel!
Marge: What are you doing with that?
Homer: I'm locking it up in my safe deposit closet with my
       other valuables. [opens door]. I'll just leave it in
       here for a few years and let it appreciate in value. 
 Bart: It's probably a million years old dad, I thinks its as
       valuable as it's going to get.
Homer: Pftt. That's what they said about this billy bear,
       smartey pants. [drinks] Ah! We elected the wrong
       Carter.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Later, Homer and Marge are watching television.

TV Announcer: Coming up next, an hilarious boat give-a-way
              scam, that's Springfield's Dumbest Criminals!
       Homer: [laughs] Sounds like good watching.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% The door bell rings. Marge answers the door.

  Ned: Hey there Marge, just brought the kids over to share a
       prayer with the angel, if it's alright with you.
Homer: Get your own angel, you moocher.
  Ned: Thanks anyway Homer.
-- Two bad neighbours, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Doorbell sounds again. Marge re-answers it.

Marge: Oh hello Agnes.
Agnes: Sorry to trouble you, but I'm going in for surgery
       tomorrow and I wondered if I could rub the angle with my foot
       for good luck, it's foot surgery.
Homer: I'm trying to eat here. Beat it peg leg.
Agnes: [To Homer:] Jackass! [Then politely nods to Marge:] Marge.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Marge shuts door. She re-opens it on instinct, and the whole town
% is there. Third time lucky, eh?

  Moe: We wanna see your angel.
Lenny: Come on Homer, I just want a quick look see, pay you a 
       buck.
Homer: A buck eh? That gives me an idea.
       [Later, In the garage, there is a whole petty museum dedicated to
       the angel.]
Homer: 50 cents, please!
-- A fine idea, "Lisa the Skeptic"

[singing:] Here's the angel, see the angel, it's my angel, no-one elses,
next to the rakes!
-- Homer, "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Lisa: Dad, it's not fair to claim this thing an angel, there's no proof
       of that.
Homer: No-one's calling it an angel Lisa, if you look carefully I never
       once used the word angel.
 Lisa: What's that sign over there?
       [It says Angel in big letters.]
Homer: That's a typo.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Lisa: Just let me take it to the museum for one day. They can do
       scientific tests and prove it's not an angel.
Homer: Oh no, oh no. We could lose out on bags of money. It's sacreligious
       I tell ya!
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% That night Lisa takes a chip from it's toe and takes it to the museum.
% Lisa pulls up on her bycicle outside the museum and walks inside. She
% sees a giant whale on the roof, which is fed.

% She walks into the lab of Dr. Stephen Jay Gould.

[Lisa takes part of the angel skeleton into the lab]  Astonishing, simply
astonishing, [looking through microscope] one of the most singular
specimins I've encounted in all my distinguished career.  Anyway, that's
enough of my work, what did you want to see me about Lisa?
-- Dr. Stephen Jay Gould, "Lisa the Skeptic"

     Lisa: It's a bone scraping from that skeleton I found.
Dr. Gould: Oh yeah, that so called angel, the whole thing's
           poposterous, of course.
     Lisa: _Quite_ poposterous, but no-one will believe me until
           I can prove what it really is! Can't you do a DNA test or
           something?
Dr. Gould: Oh certainly, I'll have the results by tomorrow!
     Lisa: Oh thank you so much. Er... you know... I can't
           afford to pay you.
Dr. Gould: I didn't become a scientist for financial gain. What
           ever little money you have will be just fine.
-- Such a nice guy, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In the garage, Carl & Lenny are arguing over the angels
% origins.

 Carl: I say it's the angel of peace, you idiot.
Lenny: I say it's the angel of mercy, you jerk!
-- Ah, biblical differences, "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Lisa: Excuse me, I took a piece of this skeleton for scientific ananalys,
       soon you will have all the facts.
  All: You did what? Stupid! [boos are heard].
Homer: Facts are meaningless, you can use facts to prove anything that's
       remotely true! Facts, schmacks.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

     Lisa: [spots Dr. Gould running up] Hah! Here's Dr. Gould now. What
           were the results professor?
Dr. Gould: Inconclusive.
     Lisa: Inconclusive! Then why did you run up like that!
Dr. Gould: [embarassed] Can I use your bathroom?
-- The antics of Stephen Jay Gould, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Dr. Gould leaves for the bathroom.

Lovejoy: Well, It appears science has failed again, infront of
         overwhelming religious evidence.
   Lisa: But?
    Moe: Go home, science girl.
   Lisa: I am home.
    Moe: Good, stay there.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"


Homer: All right folks, get your angel glow sticks. No-one gets into
       heaven without a glow stick.
  Ned: I'll take four!
-- Don't forget to buy a glow in the dark halo, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Lisa storms into the kitchen, where she finds Marge.

 Lisa: Oh, those morons make me feel so angry!
       [gets a drink from refridgerator]
Marge: Maybe so, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't call them
       morons.
 Lisa: But they are morons! What grown person could believe in
       angles?
Marge: Well, your'e mother for one!
 Lisa: You? But your'e an intelligent person, mom.
Marge: There has to be more life than just what we see Lisa,
       everyone needs something to believe in.
 Lisa: It's not that I don't have a spiratual side, I just
       find it hard to believe there's a dead angel hanging in our
       garage.
Marge: Oh, my poor Lisa, if you can't make a leap of faith now
       and then, well, I feel sorry for you.
 Lisa: Don't feel sorry for me mom, I feel sorry for
       you.
       [leaves]
-- I feel sorry for both of you, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Lisa won't stop there, not by a longshot. She's gone from editorializing
% with her mother, to expressing her opinions on Smartline, hosted by news
% anchor Kent Brockman.

Next on Smartline, the Springfield angel controversy. Our guest tonight,
making her 13th appearance on Smartline, miss Lisa Simpson.
-- Kent Brockman, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Kent: Miss Simpson, how can you maintain your skepticism
      despite the fact that this thing really really looks like an
      angel?
Lisa: I just think it's a fantasy, if you believe in angels,
      then why not unicorns, sea-monsters and leprachauns!
Kent: D'oh, that's a bunch of baloney Lisa, everyone knows
      that lepreachauns are extinct!
-- It's a known fact, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Look, you can either except science and face to reality or you can believe
in angels and live in a childish dream world.
-- Lisa, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Our religious gang of Springfieldians have gathered in church and are
% watching Smartline on TV.

Science, what's science ever done for us. TV off. [TV switches off with
his voice signal]
-- Moe, "Lisa the Skeptic"


  Ned: Science is like a blabber mouth who ruins a movie by
       telling you how it ends. Well I say that there are some thing
       we don't wanna know. Important things!
       [everyone backs him up]
Agnes: Enough talk, it's smashing time!
-- A well-thought-out plan, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% First stop: the Museum of natural history. The gang runs in and batter
% a Tyrannasaurous skeleton to the floor. Then they smash down the
% observatory. Meanwhile Moe is clubbing a mammoth. The tusk falls off,
% landing on top of him.

Oh, I'm paralised, I just hope medical science can cure me!
-- Moe, part of a Science-destroying mob, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In the Springfield Robotics Lab People are bursting in throwing
% flames. Whilst robots come out fearing for their lives, Kent Brockman
% reports.

Why? Why was I programmed to feel pain?
-- Robot, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% At home, Lisa watches the chaos on TV.

 Lisa: Oh, I wish i'd never found those stupid bones. It's
       time to put an end to this. Bart, I'm borrowing your blue
       crowbar.
 Bart: Good old blewy.
Marge: Hey, she's going to smash the angel.
Homer: Somebody stop her!
       [nobody lifts a finger]
-- Before it's too late, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% She enters the dark-filled garage, but when she flicks on the lights,
% the angel is nowhere to be seen.

 Lisa: It's gone!
Homer: Oh no, this can't be happening. What the hell are we
       going to do with ten thousand angel ash-trays?
 Bart: I could take up smoking.
Homer: You damn well better.
-- Fatherly advice, "Lisa the Skeptic"

[End of Act 2.]

% Homer is panicking like a madman. With the angel gone, the whole town
% will be after his (or Lisa's, rather) blood.

OK, OK, don't panic. Marge, stop panicking!! So we need a replacement
skeleton and we need it now! Bart! Strip down to your skeleton!
-- Homer, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% The mob arrives at the garage door.

    Ned: We've come for the angel Homer, it's not safe with the unbeliever.
    Moe: It's gone, wer'e too late.
 Quimby: Little girl, what have you done with our precious angel.
   Lisa: Nothing, someone must have stolen it.
Lovejoy: Looks to me that Lisa Simpson found something that science could
         not explain, so she had to destroy it.
         [points at crowbar.]
 Wiggum: Well, that's all the evidence I need, arrest the girl.
   Lisa: Hey!
  Marge: What? She didn't do anything!
-- She did in my book, "Lisa the Skeptic"

[gives Wiggum money] Give her a nice cel, something in C block.
-- Bart bribing Chief Wiggum, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In Court, Judge Snyder looks over the case.

Lisa Simpson, you are charged with destruction of an historic curiousity.
A mis-demener. By the larger sum, this trial will settle the age old
question of Science vs. Religion. Let the opening statements commence.
-- Judge Snyder, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Religion Lawyer: Your honour over the coming weeks and months we will
                 prove that Lisa Simpson willingly destroyed...
                 [Lisa notices the angel on a nearby grassy hill through
                 a window]
          Lenny: There's the angle!
                 [they all run out to see the angel]
   Judge Snider: I find the defendent not guilty. As for science vs.
                 religion I'm issuing a refraining order. Science should
                 stay 500 yards from religion at all times.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Eventually they all reach the angel, on of the hill.

Lenny: Wow, do you think it flew up here?
  Moe: Well, it didn't ride up on no zebra.
-- Angel-talk, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Look! A message. The end will come at sundown. [laughs] Wait a second,
I don't like the sound of that...
-- Homer, "Lisa the Skeptic"

 Ralph: Daddy, I'm scared. Too scared to even wet my pants.
Wiggum: Just relax and it'll come, son.
-- Fatherly advice, "Lisa the Skeptic"

Lovejoy: Now, even Lisa Simpson, must agree that we have witnessed a
         miracle.
   Lisa: Hardly. Anyone could have written that.
  Homer: Oh angle, listen not to this child of Satan!
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

    Ned: Reverend, I do have to admit that this doomsday has me just a
         tridge pitter-painted.
Lovejoy: Oh do be calm Ned, but be very afraid also! Tremendously
         afraid! [now shouting] For the day of reckoning is apon us!!
-- That makes me feel better, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In Vatican City, the Pope is told of the events.

Messenger: Your holiness, there is word from America, they say an angel
           has fortold the apocalypse.
     Pope: Er... keep an eye on it.
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In Principal Skinner's office, Edna sits on his desk with her skirt
% held up.

   Edna: This could be our last day together our love, how
         about a farewell romp in the garden of earthly delights.
Skinner: Oh Edna, my buttercup, you read my mind. [beat] Just give me
         twenty minutes or so to finish these tardy slips.
-- Oooh, you dog, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% In Marge's bedroom, the kids are getting dressed up, but they don't
% know why.

 Bart: Where we're going mom, are we going to Black Angus?
Marge: Well you might say, we're going to the best steak house in the
       whole universe.
 Bart: So we're <not> going to Black Angus.
-- Nope, "Lisa the Skeptic"

       [Marge is putting Lisa's bow on for her]
 Lisa: Will you leave me alone. It's bad enough your'e making me go to
       your stupid Judgement Day!
Marge: Please Lisa, I don't know exactly what's going to happen, but I
       really wish we could make peace before sunset.
 Lisa: Nothing is going to happen mom. I hate to dissapoint you but the
       world is <not> coming to an end.
-- It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel fine, "Lisa the
Skeptic"

% Lisa exits, as Marge peers out the window in dispair.

% The time has come. The people of Springfield are fathered upon the hill,
% stood around the angel. It is nearly sunset.

    Ned: Well, shall we sing a hymn. Dear my God to thee maybe... or...
         er... Amazing Grace?
Lovejoy: Uhhh, nah.
-- Awaiting the end, "Lisa the Skeptic"

[holding Marge's hand] Oh Marge, don't let go. No matter what. If they
want you in heaven they have to take me too!
-- Homer, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% The sun begins to set. This is it.

  Wiggum: 10 seconds till sun down.
   Patty: [takes a smoke] We did it, we beat cancer.
          [stubs cigarette out]
Smithers: Oh... what the hell!
          [kisses Mr. Burns]
  Wiggum: 7, 6...
     All: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!
-- Countdown to the end, "Lisa the Skeptic"

% The sun sets, and the townsfolk gasp, yet nothing happens. At least
% not for now.  Lisa's about to lecture the town, but the angel speaks!

Silence! [it rises] Prepare for the end! The end of high prices! Behold,
the grand opening of the Heavenly Hills Mall! [The mall lights up and it
is revealed to us only that the men from the mall are talking into the
angel] Please follow the angel for all your shopping needs. [The angel
is mechanically put onto the sign. It gets stuck half way but a man
helps it along with a wooden pole]
-- An end to the madness. The angel speaks, "Lisa the Skeptic"

         Lisa: Wait a second, you planted a phony skeleton for me to find.
               this was all a big hoax.
          Sid: Not a hoax, a publicity stunt.
         Lisa: You exploited people's deepest beliefs just to annoint your
               cheesy wares. Well we are outraged, arn't we?
       Wiggum: [unenthusiastically] Oh yes, we're outraged. Very much so.
               but look at all the stores. A pottery barn!
          Moe: And 20 percent off everything! Does that include rat spray?
Sid's partner: Oh yeah.
        Agnes: Out of my way shorty.
               [they all run down to the mall]
-- They just don't care, "Lisa the Skeptic"

     Lisa: I don't understand professor, why didn't your tests show that
           the skeleton was a fake.
Dr. Gould: I'm going to be honest with you Lisa, I never did the tests.
           [Dr. Gould walks away]
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% People enter the mall. Smithers holds the door open for Mr. Burns.

 Smithers: Uh.. sir.. er, about that kiss. I hope you understand that it
           was merely a sign of my respect.
Mr. Burns: Yes, yes, of course.
           [Mr. Burns looks to think to himself otherwise]
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

% Meanwhile, Lisa and Marge patch up their differences.

Marge: Well I guess you were right honey, but you have to admit that
       when the angel started to talk you were squeezing my hand pretty hard!
 Lisa: [laughs, attempting to continue her disbelief] Well it was just so
       loud and... Thanks for squeezing back.
Marge: Anytime, my angel.
       [Marge and Lisa walk into the sunset hand in hand.]
-- "Lisa the Skeptic"

[End Of Act 3.]

% Fin.


<|endoftext|>
