% At the KBBL radio station, the disc jockeys do moronic news jokes
 accompanied by bad sound effects.

Bill:       Hey, Springfield, if you're driving, you may want to sit
            down!
Marty:      Uh, oh!  Because it's time for Bill and Marty's Five
            O'clock News Flush!  [toilet flushing sound plays]
Bill:       Our topless story:  President Clinton has launched a new
            website!
Marty:      Uh, oh!  Wait, let me guess ... www.[wolf-
            whistle].[boing!]!
Homer:      [listening in his car, laughing] Website.
Bill:       Okay, here's another News Flush!  [toilet flush sound]
            Doctors say the life expectancy of the average man is now
            seventy-six point two years!
Homer:      [gasps and spins his car out across the highway ]  Seventy-
            six point two?  But I'm already thirty-eight point one!
            I've wasted half my life!  [exits car, walks across
            highway]  Half my life gone, and I'm only guaranteed thirty
            eight more years!
            [Homer walks over to a highway phone after nearly being
            struck by several passing cars, and picks up the receiver]
            Marge, I've wasted half my life!
Operator:   Sir, do you need a tow truck?
Homer:      What are you talking about, Marge?  I don't need a ...
            [behind him, another car collides with the one he left on
            the highway]
            Okay, send the truck.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Later that evening, Homer sits in his bed, eating a sack of flour.
 Marge comes in to comfort him, and suggests Homer switch to his sugar
 bad.  Homer too depressed for sugar, though.  Feeling he has not
 accomplished anything in life, he can only imagine how little he'll be
 regarded after he's gone.
%
% In Homer's imagination, the gates to the Graveyard of the Future
 open, where his funeral is taking place.  Ned Flanders does the
 ceremony, while a suited Lenny and two bodyguards, Barney Gumble with
 his arms full of Oscars, as well as a robot and Heckle and Jeckle,
 stand by.

Ned:      No, Homer wasn't a great man, nor even an adequate man.  And
          he certainly never accomplished anything.  Uh, President
          Lenny, do you have anything to say?
Lenny:    Nah.
Ned:      All right, fair enough.  Toss him in the hole, boys.
          [a dump truck lets loose a mound of dirt, along with the body
          of Homer J. Simpson, into the hole below.  After the dirt
          settles, his feet stick up, unburied]
Heckle:   There goes a real sack of crap!
Jeckle:   Indubitably, old chum!
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% As the two birds leave, a pair of dogs come along and bite on Homer's
 feet.  Back in Homer's bedroom, Homer moans at his own depressive
 vision.

Homer:    Oh ... Marge, no matter what happens in the future, promise
          me you won't vote for Lenny.
Marge:    Okay, but you've accomplished a lot!  You've made me very
          happy.
Homer:    Oh, yeah, they'll put me on a stamp for that!
Marge:    [grumbles]
Homer:    I've wasted half my life, Marge.  You know how many memories
          I have?  Three!  Standing in line for a movie, having a key
          made, and sitting here talking to you.  Thirty-eight years
          and that's all I have to show for it!
Marge:    You're thirty-nine.
-- Marge Simpson, master comforter, "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% This proves too much for poor Homer to bear; he cries out and curls
 up into a ball on the bed, squirming.
%
% The next evening, Homer comes home from work shirtless, unshaven, and
 down in the dumps.  He drags himself inside, where Lisa meets him at
 the door.  She takes him by the hand and leads him into the den, where
 the rest of the family flips on the lights and surprises him.
%
% The family shouts in unison (well, Grampa's a bit off) "Homer
 Simpson, welcome to your life!"

Marge:    The kids and I want to show you all the great things you've
          done.
Homer:    Oh, all right, maybe I can pinpoint where my life went wrong.
Bart:     Quiet, Dad, or we'll have to throw you out of here.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% The film starts, when suddenly Grandpa points at the projection
 screen and yells, "The pictures!  They're coming alive!"  The first
 clip is a shot of Homer eating a tube of astronaut food in a space
 shuttle.

Lisa:     There you are in outer space.  That's pretty impressive.
Homer:    Eh, all we did was grow some space tomatoes and sabotage Mir.
          [the film shows the space shuttle crashing into the Russian
          space station, angering two cosmonauts inside]
Bart:     Remember when you almost became heavyweight champ?
          [the film shows Drederick Tatum unloading into Homer's face]
Homer:    No ...
Abe:      [watching the film] Finish him!  Finish him!
Marge:    Well, there's certainly no greater accomplishment than
          fathering three beautiful children.
          [the film shows Homer playing football with his kids; Bart
          hikes him the ball, and the three of them tackle him as they
          all laugh]
Homer:    Aw, I should've punted.  Turn it off, turn it off!
Bart:     Hang on, Dad, this next part will definitely make you feel
          better about yourself!
          [On the film, a familiar black car drives up]
KITT:     Hello, Homer, it's me, KITT, from TV's "Knight Rider".
Homer:    [gasps loudly]
KITT:     Your family has asked me to take time out from my busy
          schedule to invite you to a [film suddenly slows down] very
          ... special ... [film gets stuck and then melts]
-- It's a wonderful life, "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% The technical difficulties are the last straw for Homer.

Homer:    Oh, stupid movies!  [bangs projector]  Who invented these
          dumb things anyway?  Was it you, Bart?
Lisa:     It was Thomas Edison, Dad.
Bart:     I thought he invented the light bulb.
Lisa:     That too.  He also invented the phonograph, the microphone,
          and the electric car.
Homer:    No one man can do all that.  You're a liar, honey, a dirty
          rotten liar.
Abe:      Finish her!  Finish her!
Lisa:     It's true.  I read it at a placemat at a restaurant.
Homer:    Really?  A restaurant?  Well, now I don't know what to think.
-- I think you should get her a decent encyclopedia, "The Wizard of
   Evergreen Terrace"

% At his school library, Bart runs on top of a large globe, spinning
 it.  A group of other children cheer him on, until Homer yells, "Cut
 it out, boy!"; he slips, sliding onto a nearby table where Homer
 reads.

Bart:     Dad, what are you doing here?
Homer:    Reading about this Edison character.  They won't let me in
          the big people library downtown, there was some ...
          unpleasantness, I can never go back.  Ooh!  [reading a pop-up
          book]  Look at all the inventions Edison came up with:  the
          stock ticker, the storage battery, even wax paper!  And look
          at him dance!
          [Homer fiddles with levers on the sides of the book, moving
          Edison's legs.  He does a little scat singing as musical
          accompaniment]
          And, these Hardy Boys books are great, too!  This one's about
          smugglers!
Bart:     They're all about smugglers.
Homer:    No, not this one!  "The Smugglers of Pirate Cove".  It's
          about pirates.
-- Homer Simpson for America's Libraries, "The Wizard of Evergreen
   Terrace"

% A librarian comes over to Homer's table.

Librarian:     Excuse me, are you a student at this school?
Homer:         I think it's pretty obvious that I am!  [holds up a
               pencil with a paper flag reading 'school' attached]  Go
               school!
-- He's a non-traditional student, "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% At Moe's, the usual patrons sit around the bar, listening to Lenny's
 story.

Lenny:    So, this broad stands up in the ocean, and this big wave
          knocks her bathing suit off.  [patrons murmur with approval]
Moe:      Yeah, and then what happens?  Omit no detail, however small,
          or filthy.
Lenny:    So anyway, this is the part you'll remember for the rest of
          your lives ...
Homer:    Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, great story Lenny.  But here's one
          that's even more spellbinding.  Once upon a time, there was a
          man named Thomas Edison, and he invented the dictating
          machine, and the fluoroscope, and the repeating telegraph ...
          [time passes.  The patrons are bored out of their minds,
          still listening to Homer talk about Edison]
Homer:    And he was a firm believer in Fletcherism, and he played the
          organ, and his favorite flower was the heliotrope!  Oh!  And
          his middle name was Alva.  And he never, ever, ever wore
          pajamas, and ...
Moe:      Okay, I think we've been polite long enough here ... Lenny!
          What happened with the dame in the bathing suit?
Lenny:    Uh ... oh.  Uh, oh nuts!  I forgot!  All I can think of now
          is Edison, I can't even remember where I work.  [walks off]
Homer:    Well, I remember where Edison worked!  It was Menlo Park.
          That's where he came up with the tacimeter, the ore
          separator, and ...
Carl:     Uh, James Watt invented the steam engine.
Homer:    That's boring.  You're boring everybody!  Quit boring
          everyone!
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% In bed with Marge that night, Homer still won't shut up.

Homer:    And then he worked on a machine to communicate with the dead.
          Kind of scary telephone, I guess.  Or maybe he planned to
          just stick his head under the ground and yell.
Marge:    All right, already!  Everyone knows the man accomplished a
          lot.  Maybe because he didn't spend every moment talking
          about Thomas Edison!
Homer:    Oh, that's where you're wrong, Marge.  He was a shameless
          self-promoter.
Marge:    Well, you're not Thomas Edison.
Homer:    Marge, that's it!  That's why I haven't done anything with my
          life!  I need to be more like Thomas Edison.
Marge:    Whatever.
Homer:    And I'm starting right now.  No more damn pajamas!  [takes
          off pajamas and throws them out the window]  From this day
          forward, I am an inventor!
Man:      [on the sidewalk below, walking his dog]  Do us a favor.
          Invent yourself some underpants!
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% [End of Act One.  Time:  7:28]
%
% At his house, Homer gets out of his car, whistling.  Inside, Marge is
 feeding Maggie in the kitchen, where Homer goes for a Duff.

Homer:    Well, I quit my job, just like you said to.
Marge:    I didn't tell you to quit your job.
Homer:    Yes, you did!  I remember your exact words.  You said I
          should quit my job, and become an inventor, or you'd torch
          the house.
Marge:    That doesn't sound like me.  Well, I suppose if this doesn't
          work out, you can always go back to the plant.
Homer:    [chuckling] Not the way I quit.  [laughs some more]  Hoo-hoo.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% In the basement, Homer has a workshop set up, including a poster of
 Thomas Edison and a chart comparing Edison's progress (203 inventions)
 to his own (zero).  While Homer tries to think up an invention, Marge
 brings a basket of laundry downstairs.

Marge:    Something electrical might be good.
Homer:    Weh, eh, eh, let me handle the creative end of this, Marge.
          You don't understand how the creative mind works like I do.
Marge:    Oh?
Homer:    You look at this table, and what do you see?  Just a table.
          Now a creative person like me looks at this table and sees
          all kinds of creative things.  But no tables!
Marge:    Homer, that's not a table, that's our dryer.
Homer:    [screams] My files!  [opens the dryer, and several pieces of
          paper come flying out]
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Later, at an actual table, Homer is still staring at a blank notepad.
 "Hmm, this isn't working," he concludes, "I've got to try a different
 approach."  Homer tries crossing his legs a different way, then stands
 and rubs his chin, trying to find the best thinking pose.  Walking
 backwards, he charges the notepad and stares it down hopefully.  When
 this doesn't work, he starts puffing on a cigar.  Lisa and Bart walk
 up to find him choking.

Lisa:     You started smoking, Dad?
Homer:    Yes.  Thomas Edison smoked several cigars a day.
Bart:     [holds up Homer's empty notepad]  Yeah, he invented stuff,
          too.
Homer:    Shut up.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Homer, leaning back in his chair a bit too far, falls backwards.  He
gets up, unhurt, sitting back down.

Homer:    As long as you're here annoying me, let's have a
          brainstorming session.  Here's how it works.  Lisa, you say
          one thing, then Bart, you say another, just toss out things
          and I'll use my inventive mind to combine them into a
          brilliant, original idea.
Lisa:     Okay.  Um ... automatic ...
Bart:     Butt.
Homer:    Okay.
Lisa:     Fluorescent ...
Bart:     Booger.
Homer:    Mmm, hmm.  Wait a minute, these aren't exciting new products!
          You're not even trying.  Okay, that's it, both of you go to
          your rooms and spank yourselves.
-- Electric ... spanker, "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Grumbling, the kids walk up the stairs as Marge comes down with a
 tray of food.  She tells Homer that he can't punish the kids for his
 inability to think of an invention.  Homer counters by saying he can
 do what he wants with the kids, since he owns them.  Marge makes a
 disapproving noise, and he amends that to "*we* own them."  Marge
 makes a noise that could be possibly construed as meaning "That's
 better."
%
% Homer decides to seek help from Springfield's scientific community.
 At Professor Frink's laboratory, the professor loads Homer down with a
 stack of books.

Frink:    And these should give you the grounding you'll need in
          thermodynamics, hypermathematics, and of course
          microcalifragilistics, moodavit.
Homer:    Look, I just wanna know how to invent things.  Tell me!
Frink:    Eh, all you have to do is think of things that people need,
          but don't exist yet.
Homer:    You mean like an electric blanket-mobile?
Frink:    Uh, well, possibly ... or, you could take something that
          already exists, and find a new use for it, like ...
Homer:    Hamburger earmuffs!
Frink:    Eh, well, I suppose that would qualify ...
Homer:    Thanks, sucker!
Frink:    Wha, oop ... all right, just stay calm, Frinkie.  These
          babies will be in the stores while he's still grappling with
          the pickle matrix!  Gyvinblayvin!
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Down in the basement, Homer works out a few equations on the
 chalkboard, hammers, saws, welds, and finally blows up the basement.
 Walking over to a chart, he changes a "greater than" sign to a "less
 than" sign, and goes back to work.  Later, a much bigger explosion
 rocks the house; walking over to the chalkboard, he erases a stick of
 dynamite from his schematics.
%
% Sometime later, he presents his work to the rest of the family; it
 sits on a table underneath a sheet.

Homer:    Okay, I have here the four greatest inventions in the history
          of mankind.  [pulls off sheet]  First, my all-purpose
          electric hammer.  For all your pounding needs!
          [Homer holds up a hammer connected to a motor; he starts
          hammering a nail into the wall, when suddenly the hammer goes
          out of control, knocking holes in the wall, hitting him in
          the head, and dragging him across the floor until he manages
          to shut it off]
          Probably needs to be more powerful.
Bart:     [pulls out money] I'll buy ten of those right now!
-- He's Springfield's Tim Taylor, "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Undaunted, Homer holds up his next invention, which is a round white
 device that resembles a smoke detector.

Homer:    Now, here's my "Everything's O.K." alarm!
          [Homer flips a switch the device, and it begins to emit a
          high pitched, incredibly loud beep.  The rest of the Simpsons
          cover their ears as Homer speaks up]
Homer:    This will sound every three seconds, unless something isn't
          okay!
Marge:    Turn it off, Homer!
Homer:    It can't be turned off!  [alarm fizzles out]  But it, uh,
          does break easily.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Homer moves on to his next invention.

Homer:    Now, this next one's for the ladies.  How many times have you
          gals been late for a high-powered business meeting, only to
          realize you're not wearing make-up?
Marge:    That's every woman's nightmare.
Homer:    That's why I invented this revolutionary make-up gun.  It's
          for the woman who only has four-fifths of a second to get
          ready.  Close your eyes, Marge.
          [Homer fires the make-up gun, which appears to be a shotgun
          with some containers of liquid attached, into Marge's face.
          After the cloud of dust vanishes, she ends up with way too
          much on]
Homer:    Now you're ready for a night on the town.  [holds up a
          mirror]
Marge:    [gasps] Homer!  You've got it set on "whore".
Homer:    Okay, this time try to keep your nostrils closed.
          [Homer points the gun at her, but she pushes it away from her
          face.  A vaguely face-shaped blotch of make-up stains the
          wall]
Homer:    Oh, look what you did.  Now I have to go get my cold-cream
          gun.
Lisa:     Dad, women won't like being shot in the face.
Homer:    Women will like what I tell them to like!
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Homer walks up to a brown recliner.

Homer:    Now here's something for everyone.  In the olden times, if
          you were watching TV and nature called, you'd have to get up
          and walk to the bathroom.  It was the hardest thing in the
          world to do.  But now, with the Lazy-Man Reclining Toilet-
          Chair, you can just lean back and let 'er rip!
Lisa:     You expect people to go to the bathroom in their living
          rooms?
Homer:    Sure!  Believe me, every man in America will want to have
          one.
          [Homer flushes the chair; it actually works]
Bart:     Gangway, gotta poop!
Marge:    No, Bart!  [holds Bart back]  Homer, all these inventions,
          they're ...
Homer:    Yes?
Marge:    They're not very ...
Homer:    Yes?  Yes?  Yes?
Marge:    They're terrible.
Homer:    What?
Marge:    I'm not saying you're a bad inventor ... I'm saying these
          particular inventions are awful!  And no one in their right
          mind would buy them.  Or accept them as gifts!
Homer:    But this is the best I could do.  I guess I'm no better at
          being Thomas Edison than I was at being Homer Simpson.
          [Homer walks out of the room, dejected]
Marge:    Oh, dear.  I hope I wasn't too rough on him.
Lisa:     Somebody had to tell him, Mom.  In the long run, it's much
          kinder to ...
Bart:     [interrupts his sister by clearing his throat.  The camera
          pans over to him and we see he's on the toilet-chair reading
          a newspaper]
          Do you mind?
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% [End of Act Two.  Time:  14:54]
%
% The Simpsons are eating dinner in the dining room.

Homer:    All week, my lifelong dream was to be the next Thomas Edison.
          But now, it's over.  I guess I'll just give up my hopes and
          dreams and settle for being a decent husband and father.
          [Homer leans back in his chair and tips over; the whole
          family panics, until Homer's chair suddenly stops halfway
          down]
Marge:    What happened?  You didn't fall.
Homer:    Oh, that.  I stuck a couple extra legs on there, 'cause I
          kept tipping over when I was trying to invent stuff.
Lisa:     They're on hinges.  That's really ingenious, Dad!
Marge:    It could save lives!
Homer:    Really?  You think it's a good idea?
Bart:     Oh, yeah!  Safety sells!  Especially to lame-os.
Marge:    I'd buy one.
Lisa:     Me too.
-- Point made, "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Homer triumphantly walks out of the room, but comes back in and grabs
 his chair, eyeing the other Simpsons accusingly.  He leaves, but comes
 back in one more time for his plate, again watching the others
 carefully.
%
% In the basement, Homer shows the Edison poster his work.

Homer:    Look, Mr. Edison, I did it!  I'm an inventor!  And I owe it
          all to you!  [sits down on the chair] See, it's just a
          regular chair, [leans back] but I attached a couple of extra
          legs to the back, kind of like the ones on the back of your
          ...
          [Homer stares closely at the poster, and realizes that Edison
          has the same device on his chair]
Homer:    Aww, dammit!!
Bart:     [coming downstairs] Hey, Dad, I heard you swearing.  Mind if
          I join in?  Crap, boobs, crap.
Homer:    I thought I had a great idea, but I must've seen it on this
          poster.
Bart:     If Edison thought of that chair, how come it's not on this
          chart?
Homer:    It's not?  Maybe he never told anyone about it!  That chair
          might be the only one he made!
Bart:     So ...?
Homer:    So, we've got to go to the Edison Museum and smash it.  Then
          I'll be an inventor!
Bart:     But I thought you loved Edison.
Homer:    Aw, to hell with him.
Bart:     Yeah!  Hell damn fart!
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% Homer pulls out of his driveway, squealing the tires.  As he leaves,
 he shouts to Marge, who's cleaning the mailbox, that he's taking Bart
 ... and Marge's wallet.
%
% On the highway, Bart and Homer take a peculiar exit to the Edison
 Museum.  Homer regales Bart with stories of Thomas Edison, Jr. until
 the boy falls asleep in the front seat.  Homer looks on fondly.  He
 begins to fall asleep himself, and sees, in the middle of the road,
 the ghost of Thomas Alva Edison.  The specter warns Homer not to smash
 his chair, but Homer punches it, and drives straight for him.  Edison
 runs at first, but gets knocked under the car after running a bit.
 Edison shouts "I'll get you, you fat lunatic," at Homer as he drives
 off; hearing this, Homer stops and begins backing up; Edison timidly
 crawls behind a bush to hide.
%
% The next morning at the Edison Museum, Homer and Bart run up to the
 front entrance, where a line to get in has formed.  They wait behind
 another father with his son.  Bart is excited that the museum is still
 open.  The father ahead of the Simpsons yells at his son, "Why don't
 you like Edison that much?" and slaps him upside the head.
%
% Inside the museum, a tour guide leads Homer, Bart, and the rest of
 the group around.

Tour Guide:    Hey folks, do you like riddles?  [crowd murmurs]  Okay,
               then.  How many geniuses does it take to invent a light
               bulb?  [waits]  Just one.  Thomas Edison.
               [the tour group claps approvingly.  The guide takes them
               to a door closed off by a velvet rope]
               Now, behind that door is Edison's actual preserved
               brain.  Ordinarily, folks, tour groups are not allowed
               to see it.  [removes the rope]  And of course, today
               will be no exception.  [replaces the rope]  Now no tour
               would be complete without a visit to Edison's boyhood
               gift shop.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% The tour guide leads them all inside and shuts the door behind them.
 Still in the museum, Homer and Bart come out of hiding and decide to
 take care of business.  Walking over to the Edison chair, they knock
 the Edison dummy off.

Homer:    Out of the way!  This is one invention you're not getting
          credit for, you inspiration hog!
Bart:     Your electric hammer, maestro?
Homer:    Invent your way out of this, Edison!
          [Homer holds his electric hammer above his head, preparing to
          smash the chair, when he looks over and sees a chart on the
          wall.  It's one of Edison's own, comparing his progress to
          Leonardo Da Vinci's]
Homer:    Look, son ... Edison was just like me.
Bart:     You mean the wild mood swings?
Homer:    No!  We both lived in another man's shadow.  This old-timey
          nerd and I have suffered the same frustration and heartache.
          We're not rivals.  We're just a couple of dreamers who set
          the bar a little too high.  I can't destroy your work, my
          friend.
Bart:     Can I?
Homer:    No, but we'll stop off at the Da Vinci museum on the way
          home.
Bart:     Uh, I think that's in Italy, Dad.
Homer:    Oh.  Well, then we'll take it out on Eli Whitney.
-- "The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace"

% At home, Bart and Homer watch the news.

Brockman:   Authorities say the phony pope can be recognized by his
            high-top sneakers, and incredibly foul mouth.  In other
            news, Thomas Edison, the greatest inventor of all time, is
            apparently still inventing, despite the notable handicap of
            being dead!
Homer:      That's my Tommy!
Brockman:   Two new Edison creations have just been discovered in his
            museum.  A six-legged chair that won't tip over, and even
            more astounding, an electric hammer.
            [some footage of the tour guide demonstrating the
            inventions rolls.  Homer, though silent, twitches his eyes
            and clenches his teeth]
Marge:      That was your idea!
Brockman:   This brilliant invention is expected to generate millions
            for Edison's already wealthy heirs.
            [the news runs footage of two people enjoying a sackful of
            money, labeling it a "dramatization" at the bottom of the
            screen]
Lisa:       Dad, those should be your millions!
Bart:       I gotta admit, Homer, you're taking this pretty well.
Homer:      Let's just say I'm sitting in the right chair.
-- They called me mad when I invented it, "The Wizard of Evergreen
   Terrace"

% Homer, still furiously staring quietly at the television, reclines a
 bit on his Toilet-Chair.
%
% [End of Act Three.  Time:  21:01]



<|endoftext|>
